and three two one no yes okay it's a lot
okay it's been fucking up a little bit
lately hey girlie how are you man yeah
thanks for having me my pleasure my
pleasure yeah you brought me a nice
conspiracy book I want you back alright
I want you yeah I get yeah I know I just
had a lunch with Erich von däniken oh
yeah and he's the author of Chariots of
the Gods the last two hours we've been
talking ancient aliens I was deep when I
was like in my late teens I was deep in
zecharia sitchin yeah anunnaki
nathie liam i'm pronouncing it wrong
there Liam I think Nephilim planet x
nibiru I'm all over ya that's a lot of
the conversation we had today at lunch
is very interesting the problem with
someone I mean it's not not he's not a
dishonest person I'm not saying that but
the problem with anybody that is
involved with like a book like this is
that you're so all in you're so
committed to this idea like I asked him
the first thing I asked it was like what
is the most compelling piece of evidence
and he said the the tablet in Palenque I
don't know if you were aware that was
the one of the the Aztec guy I guess
Aztec or Mayan I guess the mind guy it's
mine he's laying back it looks like in
some sort of a throne with fire below
him and he's manipulating these knobs
and yet and that means that aliens
landed and seeded them with technology
yeah yeah they always make a little bit
of a jump it's a big one a little bit of
a jump between that bird is really a
symbol of a flying saucer I've heard
that too ever though they've been like
that bird and I'm like well let me ask
you a question why didn't they at your
flying saucer right into the cave yeah
and they're like well that you don't
know how things work the more
interesting ones in the other art
depictions there's some really ancient
depictions of people that look like
they're in these flying saucer type
things like they're flying through the
air and they're in some sort of like you
know some some painting yeah
those are those are really interesting
because like what were they trying to
say like what were they what were they
depicting and those things yeah I mean
it's all very interesting but I think
you've had Graham Hancock oh yeah so to
me when I heard him I was like that
makes more sense that we were just a
civilization that had reached an apex
yeah and it got wiped out by some
cataclysmic event yeah and then we had
to rebuild but is does he think that we
got all of our technology from
otherworldly sources or no not Ram
doesn't doesn't Graham is much more in
line with this this theory that dr.
Robert Schoch has been putting forth he
he was one of the weirder ones that I've
had on the podcast first of all because
he's a rock-solid geologist right
professor at Boston University like
really well established his credentials
are you know they're they're as good as
it gets and he was saying that he thinks
that there was a mass coronal ejection
somewhere around 12,000 years ago and it
was literally raining lightning all over
the world and we've decimated the
population of land mammals and people is
this what got the dinosaurs no no no
this is way late this is like my bad
this is they think in the neighborhood
of 12,000 years ago they think this is
this is recent yeah yeah this is what
Graham Hancock's work indicates as well
see Graham Hancock and him were together
on the Sphinx because Robert Schoch was
the geologist they brought in to examine
the erosion marks on the temple that
Sphinx yeah and his conclusion was that
this is the result of thousands of years
of rainfall right the problem with that
was the last time there was significant
rainfall in the Nile Valley was 9000 BC
so you'd have to have thousands of years
before that to create these deep
water-based fissures or water created
fissures so they're saying the Sphinx
was there a lot longer than we imagined
yeah
so that coincides with a lot of these
the the people that want to push back
the dates of civilization what they
think is it all points to something big
happening at the end of the Ice Age yeah
so something big happening between
12,000 and 10,000 years ago
why don't mainstream scientists go now
I'm sure there's reason for this I think
there's a reason that mainstream thought
leaders in any area don't allow the
fringe in know why what's the big thing
here with keeping these guy is it that
they would just have to go back and
relook at every history book well in the
beginning there was nothing right so
these guys were proposing this there was
very little evidence but now the
evidence is stacking up and there's all
these ancient structures that they're
finding like gobekli tepe and yeah yeah
that if once they found that one and
they realized that it was intentionally
covered up 12,000 years ago so this is
like this is undeniable everyone agrees
on it yeah and so then they have to say
okay well then hunter-gatherers must
have made this because 12,000 years ago
that's all we had was hunter-gatherers
but it's really sophisticated
construction and it's very difficult to
do and they're enormous and they have
three-dimensional animals that are
starved into them yeah which means they
actually had to carve away the outside
to create the animal instead of carving
the animal into the stone they actually
carved the stone out around the animal
so these animals are like climbing on
the outside of these stone columns it's
really weird stuff yeah but who the fuck
knows I'm I lean more towards
cataclysmic disaster because there's so
many of them that we know for sure have
happened right between those 165 million
years ago in the Yucatan that they
killed the dinosaurs just reading about
the arc storm that's gonna hit LA which
will just be 60 days of rain once that
happens every two hundred years I mean
you know this is an article I read every
200 years LA and the area gets 60 90
days of rain and everybody has to move
and things this is supposedly what
somebody's saying comedians who are all
thinking about they're worried about the
arc storm now it's fun to think about
stupid it's the best it's thinking about
like conspiracies and Bigfoot UFOs and
shelley thought it teaches you how to
think a little like when I was a
teenager I was smoking weed with my
buddies like we would you'd have to
research these things you'd have to
cross-reference information you couldn't
just swallow the narrative you had to
literally go with and then you have to
use critical thinking to go does this
make sense right would
have happened right could maybe could
Lee Harvey Oswald at what about you know
would he have acted alone you know you
have to think about all these things my
I mean I I do think since Trump got
elected conspiracy theorist had been
demonized and no cause Hawks about right
there's a little bit well I was always
going on it was even before that they
were being demonized but yeah for sure
everybody's worried about the other
groups which is fair yeah I get that
yeah there's the people in the cage is
no good I'm not for any of that people
in the cage there were the kids in the
cages it's not good you know I mean the
family separation the border all the
quarters real stop but I think that
people think that conspiracy theories
got Trump elected so now it's like cool
to hate conspiracy theorists or people
that are like let's take another look at
this there's so many factors that got
you elected right it's a perfect storm
of people getting fed up with political
correctness yeah someone coming along
that's not a politician yeah you know
the system is so rigged that after a
while you just like Jesus Christ how
many more of these fake puppets we're
gonna put in office there's I say this
to comics I'm like everybody's done a
show where everybody goes out of bombs
you know their material and then one guy
gets up and just goes fuck this and
screams and yells and destroys because
that's what the room wanted the whole
night they wanted somebody to come up
and just realize how fucked everything
was and how nobody was having a good
time and that's kind of what Trump was
this one was the guy that came out and
just rift
yeah he went out there with no material
he just went out there and rift and he
went and I when I heard and I'm sure
you've seen this speech where he talks
about Ben Carson going after his mother
with a hammer and trying to stab his
friend this was one of the funniest
things he was speaking and he was giving
his stump speech I don't know where it
was I think it was wasn't in Iowa but he
was referencing Iowa and he's talking
about Ben Carson's book and that Ben
Carson had admitted to going after his
mother with a hammer and trying to stab
his friend with an I mean these are
these are in and Trump is talking about
it me and my friend were driving out of
New York City we were laughing so hard I
said this guy's I said he's gonna win I
said I'll tell you why he's gonna win I
can
stop watching yes I can't
I am so fixated by the idea that there's
a guy like this on the national stage
and he's saying whatever he wants there
was something intoxicating about that a
lot of things he was saying were
horrible
you know he was saying them and then on
the other side you had Hillary Clinton
who was just a scripted or careful
person and I'm like it's just boring
yeah so to me I'm like sometimes the
entertaining person wins because you
can't take your eyes off them well in
this case for sure I mean in that it was
a perfect you know polar opposite
between him and her yeah you know no
experience versus vast amounts of
experience right no real experience in
the real world versus vast amount
experiences yeah I mean there's a lot
going on between the two of them it was
it was it's it's a bad way to choose
world runs yes really it's very bad to
look at candidates and go who's the most
entertaining
yeah well it's also a bad idea to have
one person right it's a bad idea to have
this this same system that was in place
back when there was fucking you know a
thousand people here but I think we
really dealt like we have one person
that seems like we have one figurehead
but we have kind of this permanent
political class of people yeah a nexus
of powerful institutions where you have
career politicians career diplomats
career military service people that kind
of don't leave so I think that's one of
the reasons that we haven't changed the
system is because one person can't ever
do that much even though Trump is wild
and crazy and he's done a lot of bad
things I don't think he would be allowed
to deviate from many of the policies
like that his predecessors had kind of
established I think they're like the
American government and that's why this
to term like the deep state which a lot
of people ridicule
it's an undeniably true thing I mean our
policies are not just one guy gets in
office and it goes here's how it is
right I mean it's the result of a lot
you know private corporations lobbying
forming all kinds in forming an agenda
in a non democratic way you know they're
not accountable and a lot of these you
know people that work at the CIA or the
FBI the NSA a lot of them are appointed
they're not elected right we have no
oversight we have I think it's 22
intelligence agencies now easily that
money I mean it's something absurd how
many could you name the FBI CIA NSA
probably DEA DEA intelligence I wouldn't
say it's an intelligence probably
enforcement intelligence capabilities I
would imagine FBI CIA NSA yeah the DIA
Directorate of intelligence Oh Pentagon
I mean I don't know if that's an entire
agency but I think it I mean I think you
has a capabilities but we have all of
these different I don't know it's 22 but
it's a lot and they're all competing
with each other they're all competing
because they all want money they all
want to budget they all want and that's
the thing if people talk about the deep
state it's like look at them all yeah
look at these guys here they are Jesus
here all the people that are you know
what we listen excited yeah the fucking
space troops now we have space force
that's gonna be good and why not why not
a spaceport
well eventually right eventually you're
gonna have to have it oh yeah so why not
have it now we have I don't know what
the national geospatial-intelligence
thing does they can't be any more
relevant than space force click on that
one National geospatial intelligence
agents it can't be any less important
than the space force that's who the fuck
how many people were gonna employ 16,000
16,000 look at that look at their motto
scroll down a little bit scroll down no
earth show the way understand the world
what that's founded in 96 Clinton
probably did it's probably where he
keeps his chicks I mean this right this
is what I mean like what the hell are
these people doing now what is it 16,000
employees with their motto know the
earth show the way understand the world
that sounds like a yacht like on a yoga
studios you know I mean it's absurd but
they get billions of dollars to do
whatever listen put that back up there
with the description look at it well
good it says there it's uh it's under
the United States Department of Defense
and Intel
agency of the United States intelligence
community with the primary mission of
collecting analyzing and distributing
geospatial intelligence in support of
national security which is why what does
it mean what the hell is geospatial
intelligence I mean this is what I mean
this is insane and if the question if
you go what are these guys do people
yell at you yeah and they don't know
you're a conspiracy theorist and you
don't know this I just want to know what
geospatial intelligence is right it's
probably something simple and now I'm
gonna look like an idiot
it says it's intelligence about the
human activity on earth derived from the
exploitation and analysis of imagery and
geospatial information that describes
assesses and visually depicts physical
features and geographically referenced
activities on the earth I mean this is
well there's probably a satellite agency
to uncovered a pretend agency that
nobody that there's a guy right now
panic in the geospatial 16-thousand the
other employees going shit we've been
studying shipping docks from space
yeah we just got outed yeah what actress
hundred percent that's an actress but
this is what I mean if you if you look
into this stuff it starts to get crazy
mm-hmm the amount of people that are
doing things we have no idea what
they're doing in ten I just did a
private gig at the Bethesda Country Club
in Maryland okay it's you know I'm still
doing the private gig sadly but you
gotta you know it is guys do it together
how to do what you got to do I go to the
Bethesda Country Club Maryland um it's
the entire ten counties around
Washington DC are the wealthiest
counties in the world I mean in our
country they and it's not because
they're selling crab cakes you know what
I mean right
it's all defense industry Raytheon you
know DynCorp things you've never heard
of and they're all and they were it was
a good gig they were funny I got up and
I was like what are we we are carving up
Venezuela they all after all
there anyway you know they liked it some
people get my was like right I said last
week I did a fundraiser for human
trafficking victims this week I'm with
the traffickers you guys are a lot more
fun and they're clapping their clap they
love it they're leading in to being
that's good definitely and
they're they're you know they're morally
compromised well they're also hired a
comedian to fuck with them yes that's a
good point I mean they expected it's not
yeah came out of nowhere
well you know I mean it's like so that's
the thing it's a trump bad but I don't
know what the geospatial people are to I
don't have to thought I want to throw my
hat in with geospatial intelligence yeah
I don't know what that means I mean
maybe we need it with you know but
listen again to stand-up comedians
talk about what the world needs yeah
it's not great it's fucking terrifying
I mean I've been but trying to stress
this more than ever because the fact
that I have a microphone right and
people are listening
don't fucking pay attention to me okay I
am NOT right well the best thing is
listen you know you don't know you might
be might be right but I'm definitely not
an expert the best thing is if you go on
Twitter and a comedian will tweet
something really you know it's like
we're living in fascism and then you had
400,000 likes and then the next tweet
have you ever seen this to go and while
you guys are here check out my web
series and you go are we are we living
in fact if we're living in fascism you
can have a web series you can have a web
series and do I have the time to look
jure eight in your web series or should
I start arming myself the throw the
government what should i what should I
look at my phone I'm like which way
should I go yeah but that's all they do
they go by the way while you're here I
have a patreon we're doing a project I'd
like you to throw a few bucks there but
we're living in fascism and you know
well the signal-to-noise ratio in terms
of what people tweeting it's almost
mostly noise it's noise there's a few
people that are great you could follow a
few people that are really posting about
real news and yes four there's some
journalists 17 of them I think
journalists are maybe the best people to
follow on Twitter right now it seems
like but the problem is who's a
journalist there's very few
yeah real journalism takes a long time
yeah it's expensive like real
investigative journalism but I've had
some of these guys on my podcast they
come on they go they've ruined their
life they spent five years looking into
something nobody cares about they
figured out it was true and nobody wants
to talk to them right they will have
white hair their families hate them they
live in little apartment in New York
City
that's a journalist well sometimes
people do journalism right and they they
do spend a long time working on the
project and it's in something like the
New York Times and no one cares no one
cares like the thing about Trump like
the report on Trump this scathing report
they thought was gonna bring him down
literally it was in and out of the news
cycle on the day or two yeah that guy
just pops an extra adderall and doesn't
give he doesn't care it doesn't give a
fuck he is the only guy that should ever
write a motivational HealthSouth ha ha
the secret right never the secret is
he's got it I think it's speed you think
it's speed you think he's really yeah
yeah I do yeah I think it's speed I
think he's on something I mean I think
this is the only way that it makes sense
to me that a 70 plus year-old man has
that much energy does an exercise eats
fast food and he's fucking bouncing off
the walls and he can campaign for days
and days just slam KFC double downs and
Flay of fishes and let me ask you this
yeah how often you think he gets his
dick sucked good question who's doing
great question and not asked enough
right probably not that much I don't
think a guy like that is driven by sex I
don't get that maybe he may be but
milania seems to be not into it as much
seems a little upset with him she seems
a bit cold but there she's Slovenian or
something
something like that they're cold that's
well just summer generalization they're
white so I can generally say what I want
about them Joe okay let me see what the
hell I want Eastern Europeans okay thank
you
she's cold well she I think she's a
little annoyed with him you know I mean
it should be very humiliating for her
they had the best life yeah up until he
ran for president he I mean imagine
telling his kids he's like I know you
got World billionaires yeah your party
everyday you do coke with impunity it's
some New York City nightclub when you're
bored of that you go to Europe do it on
a boat when you bored of that you go to
some orgy
Athens that's all done right but we're
going to Canton Ohio
and I'm given a speech and you can stand
there because and every camera and every
news reporter is gonna watch every move
you make for the rest of your life
we're gonna crawl up your ass with a
microscope - and everyone hates you yeah
and some of them might be going to jail
I mean we don't we really don't know
what's going on with this Mueller
investigation I think a lot I mean I
think it's gonna be disappointing
everybody's preparing us for
disappointment
everybody has prepared us for
disappointment yeah CNN is actually
saying that that don't expect much it's
like when you get a report card and you
tell your parents you like no I've
changed but I'm still me I'm still the
guy who gets high before he goes into
school hmm and was caught smoking by the
priests like I used to get caught
smoking weed by the priest who was
driving into my Catholic school and he
would drive me to the school so I would
be like yeah I've made some changes but
I'm still very much that person that you
guys raced so that I think is what the
Moller report is gonna be like trumpet
the thing about Trump is he's corrupt
he's a conman you know he said he'd this
whole wolf that there is no wall well
this is not coming little links the wolf
that is some wall there's no wall this
is the signs that they finished a wall
but this part this part of a wall is
more for there's more of a wall around
houses in Bellaire right then there is
at the border well you know it's a
smaller area billar it's yeah and
there's probably more of a reason to
have a wall you know and the people that
run Bel Air are probably more serious
yeah yeah there's definitely something
that you know I I don't know about this
whole wall thing I really feel like it
was one of those campaign slogans that
he got stuck with you know build that
wall and then once he got in he's I got
Christ I really got to build this
fucking thing it's a slogan someone
whispered into his ear you think Ann
Coulter probably said get out there it's
a build the wall and he goes that's good
I mean he just went out there build that
wall I love the one of the speeches he
doesn't really build things he let
Glenn's his name to be franchised yeah
it's not a bit like this idea that he's
like a bit the things he's bill are
disgusting if you go to Atlantic
city what can any building he is bill it
is to Chris Hedges wrote a book
he's a interesting guy he wrote a book
called America the farewell tour and he
goes he went he went to Trump Tower
Atlantic City goes there's junkies in
the bathrooms there's like rats running
around he's falling apart and he's like
that's kind of what you know America
will be but no anything he's built is
not nice did you watch it there was a
documentary by an architect called
Costas Carey honest and he and a lot of
the documentary is about him convincing
Trump to not make his building gold in
New York City and it's like is it gold
in New York City or no but it's gold in
Vegas it's gold a lot of places but
later he was gonna ruin the the downtown
of Manhattan with a gold building well
if why is that ruining it though a gold
building why not you spent too much time
on the west coast but why is that bad
why is it bad to for it to be one car is
it better if it's all black or it's all
white so here's a look it has a feel you
can't come in with a gold building it's
not Vegas it's not Atlantic City this is
not Reno like Mandalay Bay what goes on
in a gold building I've never looked at
a gold building and said I bet what goes
on there is honest like good and decent
gold building should be for doing coke
and losing money right that's what it's
about
you'll screw up gold building you get a
check up that's good point yeah yeah
that's a very good point that's gaudy
yeah it's disgusting
yeah yeah gaudy is a weird thing right
like who's that who's that good for like
when you go to a place and it's got
opulent chandeliers yeah
gilded you know it's a structure or
sociopaths who sacrifice human beings
mmm that's the way they want to live
they want to live in a palatial opulent
environment and then just you know I
think Matt Taibbi said this yeah he said
that Trump is a poor person's idea of a
rich person absolutely that's what it
when a rich person yeah when a poor
person thinks about a rich person they
think oh he's got his name on his jet
and he's got his name on his building
the guys I grew up with in Long Island
if somebody went to them and said hey
you could own the Miss Universe pageant
you could have a building with your name
on it you could be in the WWE
that would be amazing you'd be a winner
they would be a winner where I grew up
in Long Island that would be that is the
highest you can go so I think that's
kind of what it is it's a very what's we
see what's appealing that's also what's
appealing about him what's appealing
about him is there is no veneer right
you don't get the idea that you're being
played you get the idea you know you're
kind of being played but you're being
played on a level that you accept it's
like when you go buy a car and you know
the salesman you know I used to be in
sales
so like when I'll go to buy something
sometimes I know the salesman needs the
sale cuz I used to so like sometimes
we'll be like you're whatever it is what
it is you know I just I'll do it that's
kind of with Trump you know you're being
sold but you're okay with it right you
let it happen what do you think's gonna
come after him
seems like he's thrown a giant monkey
wrench into the gears Twitter is any
indication a prolonged civil conflict
where there will be where some will
emerge as a few different nation-states
will barter with each other I don't know
maybe Joe Biden and then nothing he's
got no chance
he's hoody who's coming war alive
she's got no chance Bernie they hate now
yeah I know a lot of people hate Bernie
what happened
I don't know existed some guy and his
staff was accused of sexual assault oh
and now they hate Bernie he's a racist
that's you know that's what happens
Bernie's he's a white straight male he
doesn't get it uh he doesn't get it plus
he has like two houses you know he's
worth like $300,000 you know that
offends people does yeah how'd you get
that money off the backs of poor people
yeah in a country by the way where
people make that in an hour on YouTube
you know some people logan paul and all
those guys those guys you know yeah you
see people in LA I see a kid in LA on a
skateboard I'm like he's a millionaire
he owns three houses because he's a
YouTube livestream er yeah he's probably
playing video games on Twitch yeah
everything my parents told me to do go
to school that implies impoverished my
generation everything they told us not
to do which is play video games watch TV
get high is making people billionaires
it's amazing yeah they were wrong they
were definitely wrong boomers were wrong
about everything
well they didn't see this coming Nancy
this crazy
come see anything coming you know what
concerns me is this the rise of people
that think that everyone owes them
something sure you know that's the story
that's the weird one like we were
talking about aoc who you know sudden
she seems like a nice girl good-looking
woman she's young she's got energy she's
one do good things she wants to do some
good ones but I saw the one thing that
said give money to people who were
unable or unwilling to work yeah that's
not so that not gonna work well it's not
in they pulled that out they pulled that
part out the unwilling park in unable to
work makes total sense you know we as a
community we should take care of the
people most of the people are now in
common you're unable to work most of us
most of us yes this is the only thing we
can do but her thing was a weird one
because that that thing unwilling to
work it's like hey you just you just
crossed over into crazy town like this
is a but that means that crazy town was
always in the back you always had that
yeah when you put that on paper yeah
that means this is something that's been
discussed like part of the appeal and
she just I don't know how influential
she wasn't getting Amazon to drop out of
New York but I live in Queens so
everyone is paranoid Amazon was coming I
was in bagel I no carbs no good I was in
a bagel shop I gave up dairy two weeks
ago turning it around trying to get
around I was in a bagel tray it was
paranoid about Amazon Amazon is gonna
come we're all gonna get priced out of
our little shoebox is if we live in or
some of the people that owned those shoe
boxes were like I'm a millionaire now
because Amazon is coming and but here's
the thing it's hard to have a rational
discussion about a quality quality right
now because in a place like New York
City it's so expensive to live and the
reason for that is that it's a
destination for like foreign capital so
essentially a lot of the buildings in
New York City
foreign people buy apartments they don't
live in them they use it to like launder
money and they buy them not even under
their real name they buy them under the
name of a shell Corp like an LLC and
then they have like these investments
and it really makes everything insanely
expensive that's what's making
everything guys what's making a lot of
real estate in New York City expensive
what do you like what if you gotta guess
what percentage of like expensive
apartments are owned but I'll tell you
between 2008 and 2014 I think
percent of apartments going into
contract were because I do a shell buy
used to be a double-decker tour guide
New York City and so I do a show like a
funny comedy show where I take I sell
tickets I put people on a tour bus and
then we'd go around these buildings just
scream at these buildings it's fun it
should be illegal but it's fun and and
no one cares cuz they're not home
because they're somewhere I mean if
Hillary if you look at who owns these
buildings it's a guy who like is maybe a
guy who owns a mining company and he
poisoned a river in Zambia a lot of
these guys are doing things they
shouldn't be doing and they want to
stash their money in real estate London
is insane more expensive than New York
Rose London is all essentially shell
corporations you know these phantom
buyers buying up real estate in London
in New York so you have people in New
York that know the system is fucked they
know the markets being artificially
manipulated Bloomberg thought it was
great Bloomberg goes we want all the
billionaires he said it that was his
quote we want all the big it's like some
of those billionaires have done things
that would make you would keep you up at
night they've you know numbers like
bring a man they eat shrimp and steak
they'll go to Peter lubbers a
businessman right that's the thing so
people get fed up with this and dude
when I was at my tour bus people would
get on from regular places like
Pennsylvania now just point and go 10
million 20 million 30 million people
just shift uncomfortably in their seats
like what the hell's going on right here
this is the you know I saw Trump getting
elected during those tours because I'm
like a hundred million dollars and
they're like sitting there like what I
can't afford a knee operation
well the idea that Trump's not a part of
that is if he listened in his bit his
building was a huge destination Russians
loved his building yeah they loved it
they loved a brand name
they loved the plaza they loved his
building and a lot of interesting
characters lived in Trump Tower didn't
they take the Trump Tower name off of it
in New York yeah I don't want to sound
there was one of the buildings where the
the people that owned the coop decided
to take the name off of it I made me
there's a lot of shitty like trunk
nursing homes to drive into New York oh
yes nursing homes you know those elderly
people getting beaten it's hard
so you know they're getting fleeced the
beaten you go by you see like Trump
pavilion it's like a soviet-era
Architecture horrible like old-age home
that's been there since the 70s and I'm
like man I feel for the people in there
the screams New York condo votes to
remove Trump from name yeah New York
City condominium on Thursday we removed
president Trump's name from the
building's facade the second time at
four months his name's been removed from
a condo in the city 55% of Trump plays
condo owners at 120 Riverside Boulevard
in Manhattan voted in favor removing the
large sign above the front door the
buildings hit me that crazy who cares
these are self-important people well one
cares they're worried about their secure
estimate oh that's a good point yeah I
think if you try to sell it in its Trump
place and you know you're gonna
eliminate 50% of your buyers the
dictators that are buying those
apartments I think it's great big
brothers I maybe they don't maybe
they're like you know he's probably will
probably go down the street to this
no-name building we'll be better off but
a lot of his condos were sold to you
know Mafia and you know Russian business
guys I mean he's always had bad you know
he did Theo's it was his firm located in
Trump Tower called Bay Rock financial
which was a it was headed by this guy
Felix aider felix aider was a guy who
the FBI convicted in like a russian
pump-and-dump stock scam and he worked
in Trump Tower with Trump like he worked
very closely with Trump and Felix had
like informed I think on the Russian mob
for the feds and the feds kind of let
him earn and let so Trump has had this
labyrinth of shady connections forever
Wow
and I don't know if that means that he's
Ness I don't think he's an asset or of
Putin or anything like that I don't
believe that I think that's kind of just
you know I think it's a lot of people
would like to believe that but he's a
shady guy so if you have all these
people poring over his business deals
for the last you know 50 years it can't
be good
there could be an amazing movie about
him oh there will be yeah and who would
play him good question hopefully not a
white man Christian Bale I let him get
fat just like he did with Dick Cheney
when you played dick if he could play
Dick Cheney's romp he could play Trump
was a great
Chaney I heard I haven't seen them yet I
heard it amazing I you know the movie
with like a lot of people the movie was
good it was not you know it's I love
like the big short to me was amazing I
don't think it was as good as that but
Christian Bale is phenomenal he's a
phenomenal actor would you I mean to
gain that much weight to become another
person
that's all thing with Jesse Smollett
it's like they're all all these actors
are sociopaths yeah their world
sociopaths watch his Good Morning
America interview and try not to laugh
well now it's it's crazy what he said
he's the gay Tupac like back and great
those guys like oh my god crisis PR firm
is telling him to do that
the gay to POC no one's tell him to do
that this is also this is Bridgette
fantasy said it best
she's hilarious yeah she said this is
what happens when you let actors write
the script let's try to see the plot
twist coming a mile away
I was in LA and afterwards at the table
and he was talking and I'm like I don't
know who this guy is but he's not even
the person he is at this table right
right
he's trying out a person right now yeah
have you ever been in that situation I
don't know who he is but he's not this
guy he doesn't know who he is either
he's no clue it's just good-looking guy
that's vapid he's full of nothing he
wants to get famous yeah ASAP and they
say things
oh yeah other people are saying here's
one good to see you yes when they meet
you they say good to see you yes they
might have met you and they don't want
to forget 100% I've said that before
nice to me like actually we met before
I'm like fuck and they'll ask in a very
strange way they'll be like what's going
on yeah like what's up what's going on
like you wanna do one right you want
they want to you they want to be said
yeah they want to be sent information
yeah it's like what's going on and I'm
like well you know
a lot of projects it bro guest spotted
flappers a lot of things happening and
because you're always trying to move
that's the thing about LA New Yorkers
just pound yourself into the ground
until you get funny that's kind of what
the you are seen the New York scene is
like do 57 shows a day give up on your
life don't speak to your family they're
losers are holding you back
go hard la is like make a friend have
lunch see what happens I talked to some
of the people out here and I'm like
what's the plan
I get nervous for them I'm like they're
getting high it's midday
I'm like okay it's Wednesday - they're
like we just had a meeting I'm like what
you do they go we're talking about
starting a podcast I'm like that's not a
meeting you're just friends with someone
else yeah you're talking about stuff
that's not meeting but here's the thing
it does work here and there are people
that I know who've made the right friend
and then their life changes yeah there's
a little of that but those people are
super transparent yet if you don't have
any talent that's never gonna ever know
it'll never work
and then everybody resents you there's a
few of those people that really don't
have any talent but they made the right
friends and they cling on to folks and
everybody gets real uncomfortable well
that was the thing I think the first
time we spoke is I've written I think
about Louie and after Louise and the
whole news but Louie have you you all
that love that piece but thank you it
was so cute and honest yeah it was on
Facebook which where I did a lot of my
best playing what you were saying well
it didn't read it after Louie a lot of
people were rightly you know criticizing
conduct and you know how to thing that
that's all valid ensure 100% needs to
happen but then there were people that
were like you know Louie was never funny
yeah or Louie was just you know of
course he got all these things he was a
white guy or and I'm like wait what and
then Willie said this word I don't like
well look at this joke and I'm like guys
a week ago he was a comic genius we all
agreed on that
that was a widely held belief now out of
nowhere he's not that funny and and
these people are tweeting this from
parking lots where they're performing
some of these shows in LA or in like
someone's driveway you know yeah and and
which is fine I do them I have no
problem with that you know but they're
getting on Twitter and and and knocking
Louie from the back of a parking lot
where they're doing a show but what you
the reason you gave
why well because these there's in any
industry people are gonna get ahead by
being agreeable by having the right
opinions by crowd sourcing their
opinions by taking the temperature of
the room and going how does everyone
feel and those people are you know
they're careerist they're very good at
office politics they're very good at
having the right friends but their
contributions are never really important
or long-lasting because they never get
great because they don't take any risk
because I think greatness is something
you have to risk constantly to get to
that level yeah so a lot of these people
do very well they make money they're
they're successful but they are
careerist and they're looking for
comfort and so when it was comfortable
and safe to attack Louie and to bring
Louie down and to elevate themselves
they did it but they didn't do it when
it could have hurt their career a week
earlier you know yeah so to me it was
very disingenuous and the fact that more
people weren't calling it out and and I
and I made that point where I said the
same thing on the other side of people
who styled themselves like I'm a
free-speech warrior I'm this anti PC and
their whole entire persona is is that
the need to say the n-word right they're
like I can't do a joke if the punch line
isn't fact like they're like we have to
yeah so those to me are kind of the same
people and they're they're the people
that are just trying to arrange the
world in a way that allows them to
succeed those are the types of people
also like you were talking about the
actor in the you know that you mean
they're they're putting on a facade yeah
they've adopted a predetermined pattern
of behavior hundred percent that
predetermined pattern would be of
behavior might be I'm a guy I drink
every night we go hard I'm an artist I
smoke cigarettes right I don't give a
fuck right now I'm not trying to get on
TV yeah so to me it was like incredibly
disingenuous you had all these people
and a lot of them are angry and they're
doing fine yeah like some of them are
talent like some of these people have
their own shows and they're getting
angry at Louie and the hungry and I'm
like there's a there's a real because
here's the thing
Ari Shaffir told me something made a lot
of sense once he goes it's we can really
be a waste to get into this type of
business and end up in
an office writing for show you don't
care about in a job you hate punching a
clock and that's stuck with me and
always like it might be harder to go the
other way and to build a fanbase and to
do what you want but it's gonna be it's
gonna be better in the end and you're
not gonna be angry
you're not gonna be resentful and I
think a lot of the people that were were
again shooting on his comedy not so much
his behavior but his comedy are people
that are would want more in this than
they have and they're resentful that
guys like Louie because it's not fair
how talented he is well it's not just
how talented he is his work ethic
there's a lot of factors the risks that
he does take I mean he says
controversial things he always has
whether you agree or not like one of
things about the parkland thing you know
when he got in trouble about uh you know
saying that all you did was push some
fat kid out of the way yeah that is so
consistent with his material yeah the
idea that anybody's saying like oh my
god he's punching down like you need to
go yeah Hugh his material right because
he said a lot of risky shit because it
was funny and he had really good points
about it
ya know is that something that I would
joke about probably not right but he did
you wouldn't talk about fat people yes I
would but I don't think I would joke
about kids getting shot it's a tough
take yeah to make money but that's why
yeah but I think he could I think
honestly we were you're dealing with
first of all the embryo of a bit I mean
he's really only been doing stand-up
again for a couple of months and back
then it was even less and I think
ultimately his idea that bet is that bit
rather is that kids today like they want
to be ave and of them they have 78
different genders and why am i lit why
are you interesting you're interesting
because you didn't get shot right that
is his take on it and he probably with
overall reaction and anticipation of
reaction probably would have eliminated
that part of the bit sure and you know
what I'm saying like you know how it
works absolutely I think part of it is -
I was attracted to comedy because of
guys like Bill Hicks are patrician
people that couldn't like the things
that those guys said you could only say
on a stage if you were really funny
right that's what I love about comedy me
too that does it
mean that everyone has to love that
there's people that love it for a
million different reasons sure but I
love when Bill Hicks got up he said I
was for the war but against the troops
yeah that's still to me one of the most
amazing jokes I've ever heard when he
goes we had a war in the States
I was in the unenviable position of
being for the war but against the trick
yeah he's like all those men living
together yes I just don't like young
people or whatever you fight it's just
great I'm like oh you couldn't say that
in a human-resources me you couldn't say
that in office right you couldn't say
that if you were out to lunch with a
bunch of people probably you couldn't
get away with that unless you were
really funny yeah but these guys have
gotten so funny and they've you know
perfected their craft to the point where
they can get away with these things that
the goal is to elicit laughter it's not
really you're not gonna change your mind
but the goal is to make you laugh about
something that's dark and horrible
that's what I love about comedy yeah
it's some of my favorite material some
of my favorite material is fucked up
it's wrong you probably shouldn't have
said everybody make me howl out have you
seen Holtzman no you never seen Brian
Holtzman no oh my god at lights tour
yeah yeah I should check him out how
long you in town for
I'm a TEFL ooh I'd leave early March for
wedding oh right my back like a week a
month now well he'll be here I'm sure
he's here either Friday or Saturday he
doesn't really do the road okay he
mostly just does the store yeah I don't
even think he does other clubs I think I
just does the storms just an when I
started in 94 he was coming up he was
there at the store in 94 Wow and he was
already there when I got there right and
I was like whoa this guy is gonna be
huge and for whatever reason he never
left he does the store but he's a legend
it's the best room I mean I just did a
few guest spots there and I'm like oh
this is the best room in the cut like I
wouldn't leave I'm like this is amazing
yeah you gotta leave like I'm doing the
Improv tonight where I did the improv
the other night I'm doing the Improv
tomorrow night I mix it up yeah and I
did the ice house last night right I mix
it up you got I think you have to but
it's the best room nor is he one of
those guys who does his stuff for you
like I can't believe I'm laughing
when Susan Smith drowned her kids
remember that he got aged that night is
like ladies and gentlemen I heard those
were bad kids
I heard they sat that closer to TV they
never put away their blocks that
constantly spilt their fucking milk
those kids would not be missed and
like Jesus Christ Mitzi sure would not
let him go on stage after 9/11 she would
not let like you're on the bench in how
long oh my god she's like don't let him
on that bench after 9/11 by Mitzie sure
that's great
bye Missy she won't let you get away
with fucking anything that's a wild leg
now now and this is pre social media -
it wasn't worried about a tweet storm no
no that she's like you can't you can't
let him up
I love pre-twitter to not let someone up
it has to be so egregious he's a fucking
animal man awesome this is so funny he's
so far these are the things you laughed
the heart you know when you're I was
looking at his like when I was going
through a Taco Bell drive-thru in 11th
grade and we were all stoned the things
you would make jokes no get in the car
would ever go that's too much if they
did get rid of them
they're done do you know the lines that
no we would see each other's families my
mother's just too phrenic we would make
fun of my mother you know and it was
great yeah I still do yeah if you're
someone you feel he's mentally ill
you're not making fun of them you're
it's your problem
the difference is between East Coast and
West Coast comedy is a West Coast comedy
they hold that carrot of a sitcom yeah
or you know hosting the Tonight Show or
something like that above your head we
have health insurance always there East
Coast comedy is just be funny be funny
until you die be funny and and mean
there's a lot of meanness and there's a
lot of hold in the winter it's cold and
mean and definitely you know it's but
you know what I like about West Coast
comedy - it's a lot of performing
because the rooms are big yeah that
music Big East Coast rooms a little
smaller she have a lot of like writers
right I love the Performing style so I
kind of like seeing people in the store
with big acts yeah there's not a lot of
room to move like if you're at the stand
or the celery's on you're a little small
yeah they're tight little rooms there
are some great performers in those rooms
that rock out in this roller in vibe but
like when I was in the store I was like
oh the human and that's awesome
especially at the main room the main
room is amazing giant stage yeah it is
interesting I like those really small
and
to mint rooms in New York they lend
themselves a lot to talking to the crowd
and being sharp and having really sharp
bits yes hit mm-hmm
and then I think and that's where I
gotta go everywhere because you need
when you go on the road you want to you
want a little bit of everything yeah you
want to be able to perform and you want
to have sharp jokes but you gotta be
able to do crowd work you gotta you know
yeah I started out in Boston and Boston
was always no one has a long attention
span everybody wants to do the jokes
quick and if you start bombing you're
not gonna recover
really nobody recovers in Boston it's
tough out there once you start eating
shit they're done with you Bobby Kelly
would tell me stories about like the
rooms he came up doing they are rough
rooms yeah we came up together yeah I
mean I did a lot of road gigs yeah yeah
yeah yeah and which to lose that like
what area boss is that like outside of
Boston yeah we did a lot of the dick
Doherty comedy Hut's okay out in the
middle of fucking no sounds great
Wooster oh they were great they were
aku-aku
yeah which is like a Polynesian
restaurant yeah and they would have
comedy hut I went I did it I did one of
the 15 minutes Netflix specials I went
the next day too
two days later I went to a room in
Massachusetts got side of Boston and I
bombed so bad it was amazing I was like
well this is why the funniest people in
the world come from this state where was
it before your eye where was I I forget
it was a um I don't want to say the
actual field it who did book it this guy
book that he knows exactly he'll
probably tweet me or something but it
was in God it was out so it was like 20
minutes outside it was in it was in not
Hingham it was it was somewhere and it
was not good it was just a bar it was a
circular bar and I got up and in nobody
was like and what in the middle of my
set a woman the drunk woman started
yelling me and then I yelled back in her
and then it was okay because we yelled
at each other for 20 minutes what did
she yell I think it was something if
that funny if fat fucks up like
something that was justified at that
moment in the set I went back at her I
was like listen to me fucking animal and
then it was great and then they they
perked right up right and then the
material worked after that it was
exciting when something like that
happens like finally that was it was the
Trump moment this moment where people
are like sat up in their chair so like
okay week
you know when I was living in Boston you
could make a living and not leave oh wow
you could stay in Boston and you could
go 20 minutes here 30 minutes there you
go to Andover you go to Hingham you go
to Framingham you go to all these
different places and you got gigs and I
mean you wouldn't get rich but you could
pay your bills and never leave town and
so there was so much comedy there were
so many rooms like Barry Katz had a
bunch of rooms and the comedy connection
had a bunch of rooms and Mike Clark had
a bunch of rooms and it was summer
that's what like really got you really
strong yeah because you're mostly doing
these hell gigs during these hell gigs
everywhere and so when I came to New
York what got me was that everything was
like small there were small crowds small
stages and you would do a short amount
of time yeah and I was like whoo I don't
like this that much there's a showcase
at like 15 10 15 minutes yeah because I
was doing like middle sets I'd do a half
hour yeah and then I was headliner and I
do 45 minutes also come out to Long
Island we have kind of in summation yeah
you know of Boston they're wild folks so
I did a lot of gigs and online yeah a
lot of gigs in Long they'll tell you the
benefit of the doubt is non-existent
yeah when I got out there East Side
commie Club was there oh wow I was back
in the day when Jenny was still around I
remember I tell the story all the time
but it's so crazy like people forgot how
goddamn good Richard Jeni was he was
there one night he did four different
hours on Friday and Saturday so he did
two shows Friday to show Saturday four
completely different hours and the the
the opening act and the this uh the fuck
was it the fuck was the emcee was a
friend of mine Peter
goddamnit Peter Boyle baby appeal
forgive fails
Peter bails yeah yeah yeah I know a good
dude yeah older guy yes who's younger
back then
this isn't back of the dizzay but he was
just like shaking his head like what the
fuck man the guy did four different
hours yeah and I remember you know I was
just barely starting out I was sitting
back on what the fuck yeah how does a
man do four different hours he was he
didn't repeat a premise he didn't repeat
a punchline he
did any crushed and this is one weekend
one weekend two shows Friday to show
Saturday he was a genius man he was
responsible for so many people's acts to
they would tighten up people he worked a
lot with rock you know work with a lot
with Chris on the road yeah and and
worked on helped him with his specials
was he from Boston Jenny or no he was in
New York guy okay yeah yeah I think he
was from Brooklyn he was fucking amazing
that but that was a East Side comedy
club back in the day yeah yeah no it's
good those rooms like governor's are
brokers I like their homes because you
go out there and if you're funny you're
funny you'll care up yeah and if you're
if you're like lacking or I feel like a
bits half done they'll let you know
they'll let you know let you know yeah
they paid the money yeah to let you know
yeah
you'll hear it audibly yeah but that's
good you need that ass like Halle Quinn
builds his shows there and if they're
amazing yeah because and they're you
know his new shows great red state blue
state but like did he healed it out
there I don't know if he did this one be
built a lot of his shows out there
because like he goes out there and he
says if it's good they're really gonna
let you know right so it's we're a lot
of comics will go in tests similar to
those rooms in Boston mmm you really
test you get coddled a little bit in New
York City in LA yeah you get coddled so
you've got to go out there to somebody
who doesn't give a shit that's you know
the people who were like listen I'm
either those people out there don't
choose to laugh right they laugh or they
don't right you could Echo Park they
choose
yeah they sit there when they go or
they're going to go no like in their
face you'll see it they'll be no out in
those areas like LeMond it's an
instinctual guttural laugh yeah it's not
it's it's it's not that yeah the thing
about like laughter when you're choosing
to laugh right he in here and there it's
so pretty pretentious it's not fun yeah
it goes back to that example of like
growing up you're making people laugh
who the hell's choosing to laugh
hmm-what psychopath is sitting there
going ah also they're mostly in the
business like a lot of the audiences in
the business the whole thing is that's
weird entire thing is agents who are
like 22 years old
yep they're like embryos just so young
the agents
and agents and managers for the most
part excluding mine who I love but
agents and managers they're rich kids
who can't do tech or finance let's be a
lot of them there's a quite a few let's
be honest these are rich kids whose
parents go hey can you do something
because I don't wanna look at you
anymore and they're not gonna get a job
at Jollibee right so they're gonna go
get a desk at UTA or CIA or WMA and most
I mean everyone needs one too that's the
other thing
you're not gonna negotiate on your own
you're gonna do a terrible job if you
can negotiate your own gigs I will take
any amount of money to do anything I
mean III mean I'm horrible at
negotiation I was bad in sales sales
didn't work and now I'm here you know
apparently Bill Murray doesn't have an
agent or a manager he has an answering
machine
really if people call him up and they
make him offers to do things and he'll
like listen to those messages and go
I'll do that one he just goes and does
it
well if you're like a legend like that
yeah I guess you can do that if you do
whatever he wants what an interesting
system no I need an agent like blackmail
people the CIA level blackmail to get me
into rooms well the thing it's it's not
just that like you need someone to
actually do the talking for you to like
get gigs oh yeah or you know to
negotiate your money or to do your air
travel it's call me and she'll be like
they wanted 85 shows over the weekend I
got have done a sick you know yeah come
look at new work comics so if they want
9 7 show I do it y'all do it do you get
when five shows on Saturday I'll do it
shows on Saturday night yeah three at
the same club sometimes yeah
those are weird the third show you don't
know what the fuck it's not even comedy
anymore
no what is counting I don't know what's
happening at that point but um it can be
really fun the third show a lot of times
is people the audiences people who've
been asked to leave other venues right
so they're drunk and walking by the club
nigga and that you just their friend
brings him in this is literally I've
heard I've literally spoke to somebody
I'm like why are they here and they were
going we're asked to leave and they saw
it and they just saw the lights and they
like lights so we brought them in and
now you're talking about you know frozen
yogurt or would have
in there you know it's nuts what
sideshows crazy what's the latest set
you can get in New York City these days
oh you can go I think it's like a 245 or
some you can get some Crees 45 maybe
it's 230 maybe it's two you can get
something really late Wow people are up
who the fuck is there - 45 there's
people really yeah
what's it like it ain't I mean I think
it I think it's pretty good depending on
the night like a Saturday night - 45
probably great water it gets yeah I
think the sellers the latest I think you
can get but as it gets louder I mean as
it gets later people get drunker I used
to do Dangerfield's that's it yeah yeah
and we should do prom shows yeah do you
ever do the prom show thing I'm not a
prom show act this is what they do if a
bunch of kids are sitting here and I
walk out on stage it's a bad prom well
it's always a bad problem the prom shows
are terrible yeah so what they do is
they they don't you back in the day at
least they didn't change the crowd so
you would you would go out like say if
there's like four comics on the lineup
there's an emcee and three other comics
and then there's a next show it starts
all over again
I am see the same three comics the
audience is there so they want you to do
the exact same act so that the kids will
leave because they have no account of
the kids so the glasses pull up and
they're just stuffing these kids in
there and they're hoping that if you do
the same bits the kids will get bored
and they got mad at me because I'm like
look I'm not doing the same material I
see the same faces it's boring yeah I'm
only doing a 15 minutes set I go I have
more material I'm gonna bring other
other bits yeah yeah like you got to do
the same jokes or try to get these
people out of here Mike how about just
guess just grab him just get him out of
here yeah just light a fire but we would
do him till 5 o'clock in the morning
danger for the last time I was in danger
feels it was four people in a room two
couples the waiters about in his mid-80s
it's dark and I'm performing in front of
a piano it's one of those nights where
you go you know this was a choice I made
to get into this business
but there's something haunting about
that room and it was actually fun I'm
just entertaining two couples yeah it's
crazy
I did one couple once at Dangerfield
yeah there was no one there was no show
I had a 9 o'clock spot wasn't it is
I had a nine o'clock spot yeah I got
there at 8:45 the comics are sitting
around the bar I go what's going on like
there's no one here I go there's no one
here yeah and then right when I said
that this couple walked up and Bobby who
was the the doorman there's this yeah
fucking Scottish powerlifter guy he was
like 5 foot 10 and 5 foot 10 wide Johnny
I saw him grab a kid by his neck at one
of these prom shows and pick him up by
his neck and carry him out of there jeez
anyway he was this tank of a man he was
always fucking hilarious and ruthless on
the comedian yeah yeah yeah you gotta
try that bag of shite you call a fucking
act and and anyway these people walk in
he's like ladies gentlemen welcome to
danger fields come on right in and he
brings him in and these people walk into
his empty room and sit down and they're
like what the fuck that's crazy and then
all of a sudden the lights come on and
then the emcee comes out and they sat
through all of us Wow that's where I was
like you know fourth on the lineup or
something like that like i did my
fucking 15 minutes in front of these two
people and they were into it they were
great yeah they were great but it was
weird you know it's those shows what's
good about those shows he'll do well
they may they let you know what's
bullshit in your act
yeah embarrassing it that's a great
point yeah you feel it feels clunky
coming out of your mouth right
especially to three people well there's
always things are always clunky right
right like what went in when it's a
small crowd they're really clunky like
when you're working on material every
time I have a premise or even if I'm
fucking telling a story a lot of times
like as I'm starting to tell the story
like the beginning part is a little
fucking clunky and maybe I'm saying
something the wrong way and it doesn't
make total sense and then eventually it
catches on if you do that in front of
two people they're like what are you
doing yeah the best story about Teja
fields was there was a guy who walked in
once I was sitting in the bar area
he had a Rodney Dangerfield doll and he
walked in he goes listen I've had a
business for two you know for 10 years
up the block and we found this doll I'm
moving you know wherever he was gone
when he's like we're closing up shop
here you go I thought you might like it
and then the guy took it he said to the
owner he said he just was know speaking
right he just showed him the stall and
then the owner just pointed and then the
guy carried this
Rodney Dangerfield doll down the stairs
and just put it in like storage and it
was a darkest moment which is such a
dark moment to sit there silent just the
owner went and pointed and the guy just
took this Dangerfield doll and he walked
it down into God only another phantom of
the opera' whatever the hell goes down
under that club but yeah that's a real
that's like the oldest club in the
country
how's it still open aye that is a great
question that the FBI would probably
want to look into I don't know
cuz everybody's get the same story
people got 25 years ago it was no one
there I mean that fucking show that I'm
telling you about that was 25 years ago
there's never been anyone there I don't
know it's money off those prom shows
though they were packed it's like a
great joke about like Nanette that my
buddy Nick Mullen is an amazingly funny
comedian said he's like an and that's no
one's seen it's just a trailer like no
one's seen than that it's just a trailer
and everyone's like it's brave it's
amazing it's my number one it's just a
trailer it literally doesn't accept so
maybe I don't know but it is it's one of
those rooms in New York that's kind of
haunting yeah it's a strange place did
you ever listen to the day the laughter
died
no Dice clays double album that he
filmed there oh wow with no audience no
one knew he was coming
he had no material zero that's amazing
just started talking about shit and
ad-libbing things yeah and he was as big
as a fucking comedian could be at the
time and he called the day the laughter
died Reuben produced it that's a minnow
I've heard of it but I didn't know it
was fucking brilliant and amazing
haribol at the same time really some guy
gets up in the middle of the set he goes
you're about as funny as a glass of milk
oh what a polite Apple what an
old-fashioned heckle I've never heard
that you're about as funny as a glass of
mass lovely yeah some guy from
Connecticut or something like that you
know and he got mad you got mad at dice
and and you know a dice is just shitting
on him and shit on everything ice
probably just destroyed well was it was
destroying him but I'm telling you he
wasn't even trying right it was it was
like he was at some crazy place in his
career where he just decided to
do a set or he's bombing do you ever
think of doing something like that
Gracie you ever think of just going
crazy and do it something completely new
yeah I'm just trying to do first of all
I I would feel bad I can't do something
bad on purpose because then people if I
do something bad like if you ladies and
gentlemen if you hear it and it sucks I
fucked up
that's it I've made a mistake I didn't
do it good right I didn't didn't put it
together right it's trial and error
sometimes it's an error yeah I'm not
gonna do anything bad on purpose yeah
but he was so big and no one had been
that big before where I have to realize
no one had done arenas before him right
he was a first arena come first yeah the
first yeah and a fucking hundred of them
he would do them all over the country
yeah and he just had had enough for
whatever reason yeah fucking everybody
loving him yeah it's like fuck you you
just went out and just had fucking
double CD it's great double CD it's like
a Broadway show like a live album
recording of a Broadway show hours of no
material just rambling talking about
stuff punchlines that don't make sense
you just have to do it walking great to
this day it's one of my favorite comedy
albums of all time
I listen to it every now and then for
like 15 minutes my car just go what the
fátima is it all at Dangerfield yes oh
all that Dangerfield's no one knew he
was coming
yeah and when they saw him they like
holy shit it's Dice Clay it's probably
20 people in the crowd you were so
excited they probably did it on a
Tuesday or something right he's an
animal that's amazing though yeah that's
a make that to me that type of stuff I
like I like that type of stuff because
to me it's like it's the raw essence of
what this is I found out about it from
another comedian named Mike Donovan a
hilarious guy from Boston yeah and he
was crying laughing describing it and
describing this bit the dice was doing
about Nixon eating ass and he was doing
this whatever it was so ridiculous but
if you have a reason Mike Donovan was
tears were coming out of us he couldn't
breathe he was describing it I was like
god I gotta listen to this fucking that
nice is one of those guys and you're
watching me like this guy can just talk
yeah and it's funny well he's gonna
interesting he's been around for so long
yeah
and you know to me he's always
represented to me my childhood yeah
because when I was like 19 was the first
time I listened to his cassette in my
car with my girlfriend and I could we
just cry and laugh and I couldn't
believe how funny was is that what made
you was he one of the guys where you
were like I want to start dealing
stand-up yeah for sure
he was definitely one of them him and
Kinison him and Kinnison prior but prior
was see like I remember watching those
guys in than watching prior and like God
Pryor was so smooth he was so so what he
was so personable and vulnerable he was
something different because he was
vulnerable you know he would talk about
like his life and his problems and all
these different things about being
addicted to drugs and all these
different ending
it was so intelligent but vulnerable and
honest and and the timing was so good he
was such a master remember we were
watching doesn't mean my roommates at
the time we watched the Kinison special
and then we watched Richard Pryor and my
friend it was never a comedian never
even thought he goes that fucking guy's
the best yes he's just the best and it
was just we were both in agreement like
yeah he's just better it's just the way
he did it you know and this is you know
Bob we're talking like 1988 chore so it
was still fairly fresh and Pryor was
still alive and it was just different
you know he was he was like the first I
mean obviously Lenny Bruce was the first
really honest comedian like or one of
the first honest social commentators and
then the I know Karlin but Pryor took it
to a weird personal place we like we're
rooting for him you know the most
personal of all those guys because the
Hixson Karlin were famously like not
personal yes and Pryor was personal yes
yes at personal and and you know he
would like emphasize humanity yeah like
you would emphasize like loving each
other and being kind to each other that
was a thing yeah absolutely yeah
absolutely but uh you know my parents
took me to see live at the Sunset Strip
and I was a little kid oh you saw it the
actual no no no I saw them in the movie
threat movie theater and that was
probably the big seed that was the
impact
yeah because I couldn't believe how
funny this guy was just talking yeah I
remember looking around the theater and
these people were like falling out of
their chairs we'll have fun on the mic I
can't believe this guy is just talking
and it's amazing yeah because all these
movies that I'd seem that were really
funny it was a bunch of things happen
and explosions and fucking stripes yeah
but this was not that
yeah I saw I saw Eddie Pepitone taped
his special a few days ago at dynasty
typewriter and he's one of those guys
who's so funny and so electric yeah that
you have a roomful of you know the type
of people were kind of talking about
you're more button-up you know more of
that kind of alternative crowd they were
barking and howling
and how funny he was and some of the
things he said the first thing he does
he grabbed the microphone he's like I'm
on Molly just exploded he's one of those
dudes I watch and I'm like man intensity
he's just wrong an hour
yeah he's now such a nice guy he's a
great tip yeah I know him yeah I'm root
for him oh yeah sweetheart yeah yeah and
an odd guy look I don't know any other
Eddie Pepitone no that's what makes him
so great yeah this he's like this is an
experience and the beat to me the best
comedy I think is a comedy where you go
oh I'm having an experience now I can't
have again right right right I can't
have this again right especially a live
show yeah I can't go down the block and
see this yeah it's not a steak house
it's the same in every city right this
is a fucking unique human individual
that's having this experience at this
moment and I'm lucky to be here with
yeah yeah yeah live shows man this
there's something about it that it's so
hard to translate when you when you did
your Netflix but you dip on the
15-minute ones yes how many is it
they're doing a lot of those which i
think is a good move they're doing four
to five thousand Joe it's a great look
it's a great move to have everyone have
a special I think my mother is doing one
it's very exciting you don't even have
to do comedy I'm especially no you can
just sit in a car and talk that's my
next mission tape will be me speaking in
in a car going through an in-and-out um
bill burrs videos of him driving around
his fucking funnier than just talking
about there's the funniest thing about
most specials um the Netflix she was a
lot of fun but here's a reality I
watch it back and I'm like it was funner
in the room hmm you know it's just one
of those things I bet bring the pain was
better in the room even though it's
amazing
right right you watch that and you're
like this is the highest heights of
anything
yeah that's why when someone breaks you
laugh really hard on a special God
imagine what have been like being there
oh yeah I mean there's no comedies in
act I have one of my friends always says
comedy should be seen live in and and
listen there's something different about
a smaller venue like when people go see
you at the store there's something
different that's seeing you in a theater
yeah the level of intimacy yeah you know
seeing you work stuff out seeing you on
in on the you know in the moment there's
something different about that 100% yeah
yeah I like a 150 to 300 seat room
that's all like but I also like 11,000
seats to it yeah crazy it's fun in the
weird way that's amazing and if you can
make those people like feel like it's
intimate it's like you can you can treat
11,000 people the same way you treat the
main room it's like a hundred seat room
that's filled with about 80 people
that's good too this is low expectation
what I like I like a big room full of a
very small amount of people and they
could sit back and get really drunk and
not wear acts send all the waitstaff
home shut off most of the lights yeah
there's something there's something
going on when you're doing a live
performance that no one's ever really
quantified it's some kind of mass
hypnosis or some energy transfer yeah
because I was an actor for when I was a
kid I was six years old to 12 I was an
actor whoa you can your parents idea oh
it was my idea Cho and like real
six-year-olds are six yeah it was great
I was I knew with great license yeah I
was on Sesame Street
twice wait really yeah oh legit was it
really your idea yeah well I pointed at
the TV and said well I must my parents
of lying cuz I don't remember and they
are liars so they needed money also
they said I pointed to the TV and said I
want to be on that and I just and I and
I made them you know take me on
auditions now maybe they were looking
over their bills and I was a
good-looking little kid and they said he
needs to start pulling his weight and
you know we gotta start taking him out B
I was on Sesame Street I was in a bunch
of plays and stuff that live performance
is different it's still energy yeah but
there's nothing quite like being alone
on a stage doing comedy well there's
also a little much later it's all your
shit you're writing it you're figuring
out say it yeah you're crafting and
putting it together
yeah and that's how the rejection is the
deepest how do you write I go on stage
with an idea and I started doing these
little videos on Instagram where I
actually kind of rant about an issue and
if people kind of respond positively to
them sometimes I'll take that to the
stage and I'll just try to rant about an
issue and like find a few lines that are
keepers that are funny and that's and
then I'll sit down and rewrite it and
relook at the bit and read but a lot of
what I do has to be like how does it
sound what'swhat's the inflection was
the pacing so like being on stage helps
a lot yeah there are things that I add
what's hard for me or what I have to get
better about is writing about things I
don't care about somehow so like if like
if you said give me 50 jokes about the
Kardashians I would not want to do that
but why would you need to well I'm not
saying I do but I mean that's a skill
some people have there's great monologue
writers and stuff but if I see something
that's ridiculous that I'm like
perplexed by or I think it's funny I can
devote attention and energy into making
that funny yeah I say just concentrate
on that fuck all those I mean that's
that's but I do I am in awe of certain
people week ago oh yeah there's a topic
give me 50 jokes and they'll have them
and they're good but you notice that
those guys usually wind up working as
writers and they always feel kind of
shitty that's a lot of them too that's
not a good when you're a great comic
yeah you're working as a writer and
sitcom that's a that's a bad and you
were talking about it earlier yeah I
know a few guys like Owen Smith you know
once man I don't know now I've heard the
name one of the best fucking stand-ups
in the country yeah he's so good right
he has this bit I don't want to tell you
much about it cuz it's about adopting a
white son it is one of the funniest bits
I've ever seen in my fucking life it's
so good that you like holy shit yes oh
it's so fucking twisted yeah and so it's
so like you can't believe what he's
saying while he's saying right but this
is a guy that is I mean skill wise one
of the best stand-up comics in the
country yeah but he's not known for it
as
mozzies got a real career as a writer ya
know he's trying to branch out and move
away from that but god damn that guy
murders when he's in the Comi store we
sit in the back of the room and watch
yeah well a lot of people I guess with
families and kids gonna make decision
exactly that already things stuck with
me when it's like do you want to be
doing something you don't care about yes
so to me I have to write about things
that I'm interested in like I think
people the people's careers that I want
or the people that I envy their career
seem to be led by their interests yeah
things that interest them yeah well
that's a better life yeah you know i
I've done both I've done like when I was
doing Fear Factor I wasn't remotely
interested in it other than the paycheck
right it was a good gig I'm not like I'm
not shitting on it was a great gig I
love that I had that job I loved being
financially stable you know at the time
I was like good not enough to worry
about paying my bills it's a nice thing
and it was a great group of people that
I work with producers and everybody
network everybody's great but there's
such a difference between doing that and
then doing a podcast oh yeah there's a
giant difference well that's the way and
the way that I've kind of done my
podcast is like what do I care about
yeah what do I want to know about who
can i feasibly get on to talk about it
those are the things that are
interesting to me yeah not so much like
let's just pick a topic that's in the
news right that everyone will have a
take on but I mean even even that if
that's what you're interested in yeah I
think that's course if you're interested
in that yeah but as a comic to have no
boss yeah that's something nice uh-huh
that's the move yeah I see these comics
Arquette they get pigeonholed and stuck
into these gigs yeah well they don't
want to fuck up the gig so they don't
want to say anything controversial so
their material gets bland and some of
them take these big moral stands and
it's like well you're making a crazy
amount of money like some of them like I
won't work here and I'm working if that
person is on a lineup I won't do it I'm
like yeah but you're making a lot of
money that that drives me crazy it's
crazy that I'm not gonna work with
unless someone's stealing right stop
unless someone's stealing or they're
punching people or they're being a
rapist or something and this is
something so egregious they should
probably in jail like what well you got
creative differences right you fucking
baby yeah get over here just get up
there yeah I've worked with a lot of
people I don't enjoy yeah and I don't
have the luxury of flying you know I'm
gonna
I won't work this venue because this
person weren't there it's like that's in
that's good you know well I still don't
I mean at the store that this I'm there
all the time with people I don't even
hardly know right you know I mean you're
gonna line up with 1415 people yeah that
but that's good too that's true the half
of those people could be rapists don't
use the actual rape right words well
that's where we come in that's where
it's very confusing right because we as
comics especially comics like you and I
that say fucked up shit yeah you can get
away with things that are really not
supposed to be in society anymore so
sometimes people will get up and leave
like it's fine believe like hey I'm
joking sure don't you get that I'm
joking aren't you drunk oh yeah you know
isn't it 11:30 at night or your if you
perform earlier but with me I'm like
isn't it 4:00 a.m. yeah what's the
problem right if you can't take this
opinion now what are you gonna take yeah
and sometimes it's not good yeah
sometimes the material is parkland kids
had never worked where I said I don't
want anyone to get shot but the kid
these kids are annoying these five
annoying I said I don't want anyone to
get shot I don't want any so I said
let's ban guns but first we have to
shoot these kids we have to kill the
Parkland kids these five we have to
shoot the phones out of their hands and
they're gonna be the last and we could
explain to them we're gonna go we're
banning guns you'll be last five people
to ever die and it didn't work and
people's people were not exactly
thrilled with it but it's like you
should be able to try you should be able
to try you gotta try should be able
sometimes like you know you were saying
you go on stage with a premise and then
in the middle of doing that premise
you'll find the beats sometimes you
don't find the beats yes and it's just
you think maybe the song there I've had
a few bits where I was sure there was
something there I've never been offended
by a joke that's me personally like I've
never have you ever been offended by a
joke no I've never been offended but
I've been like that one wasn't good yeah
but that's normal sure yeah yeah it's
some the the finding the beats on stage
in front of a live crowd - there's
something about that high wire
that makes your brain go to these weird
places that comes up with punchlines you
have to fucking find a punchline you
have to find something funny you have to
these people paid money it's like it's
like waving a steak in front of our
junkyard dog and you keep tossing a
little bit and then eventually like you
have to throw a mistake and sometimes
there's no punch line that's it that's
just part of the fucking gig a trump
rally yeah just screaming if he doesn't
get elected do you think he goes and
starts a podcast TV network he totally
could yeah he totally could probably
better for him honestly that's what he
thought he was gonna do I think before
he got elected I think he was having two
high-level meetings with people in the
media space to start something like that
well once NBC fired him NBC fired him
while he was running because the stuff
that he said about Mexico and the throw
of rapists yeah yeah someone's doing the
raping hey this is so fucking crazy it's
out of control
for a person running for president and
NBC is like that's it we're getting rid
of you then they put Arnold in this
place and I was a disaster yeah do you
member that people forgot yeah Arnold
hosted The Apprentice you're fired
yeah it was that was horrible terrible
yeah drop was shitting on them kids did
they just scrap the show after that yeah
here's a question does he go back to the
apprentice well if NBC presidency I
think he's too toxic now I think maybe
you could come up with something like
that for fog Oh Fox is in the scoop him
up that's what's great about Fox they'll
play ball don't play ball yeah they're
not gonna leave money on the table you
know what though they didn't want megyn
kelly back do it yeah well she did a
thing I'd used to do the show red eye on
Fox News which was comics would try to
be funny yeah it was there did it like
3:00 a.m. East Coast time and I saw her
the week she was doing that and she was
in like the dressing room and she knew
she shouldn't have left she feel it
she'd already made the decision but you
could kind of see it in her face that I
think she knew that she was gonna try to
be this daytime TV queen and like let's
bake cupcakes you know yeah I just spent
four years on Fox News talking about
Santa being white but now let's bake
cupcakes because I'm I'm America's
Sweetheart that's never gonna work well
it's weird when you publicly change your
image
it's it's insane publicly changing your
image shoot her shirts or skirts got
longer oh yeah she covered her neck yeah
you know there's no more cleavage every
shell was about sexual assault she's
done every single shows but I think she
was trying to ingratiate herself in with
the people that hated her which was like
the New York media types the people that
did not like her and then she was like
well that's not even just about sexual
assault one of them was a lady fuck Matt
Lauer and she knew she was fucking him
and she was talking about love she
fucked him well I didn't know any better
I was 25 right huh verse 25 you fucked a
guy fuck what what happened it's bad
here right well he shouldn't have fucked
because he was married okay after that
what happened what's going on
Rath Angie just fucked him yes it was
wet why is this a segment of a show as
it's scandalous is that we did an
interview with her yeah great yeah it
was you know and she was saying you know
I was young and I was impressionable
sure of course funny to see them all put
nails in each other's coffins isn't that
great media's like this blood feud
there's only a few families that control
of this information they all hate each
other that's why succession is such a
great show well I think with Megan it
was like that she had been sexually
harassed while she was at Fox News she's
going after I gotcha rails yeah yeah so
she was going after and I think Bill
O'Reilly too
I think there was something he's 38
million so it's like what did he do I
think was 32 my grandfather still has a
Bill O'Reilly Patriots welcome doormat
Wow
you know it's a good man I mean imagine
that's a giant amount of money it's the
amount of money where what he did should
be I mean it seems like it could be a
Netflix documentary right lights gonna
be hot it's like horrific like he
offered her 37 million she's like no
keep going
Yeah right I'm gonna need more after
what you did to me she's a thirty two
million dollar offense yeah will do is
that one recording they left on some
assistance
Adrian Makris yeah woman yeah touchable
loofah sponge or somewhere
I mean that's his that's what he was
trying to do that's a creepy old guy
move yeah get you with a sponge did
interesting he tried to have his ex-wife
he tried that his ex-wife excommunicated
from the church
what great did it
he tried I mean know that why well cuz
he wanted her to go to hell
a church yeah what kind of donation you
have to make to get your ex-wife sent to
hell probably thirty two million he's
got it but he wanted her acts
communicated that's type of guy he is
but the crazy thing is even after all
this the guy still had a number one book
in the New York Times people yeah people
dig in
they still those old fuckers they just
give in they dig in they don't care they
like him I know who he's folksy he's
like my uncle he's a good man he's so
what he's spent forty million dollars
for some woman he tortured the tide goes
in the tide goes out I'm with God I'm
with God yeah well he was doing that
that fuckin tide goes in the tide goes
out you can't explain it one I was like
wow are you at the Harvard you fucking
piece of shit yeah well you can explain
that one of those guys are they where
religion like a fuck is fashionable to
wear it I wear it they know sure no Troy
doesn't he gets out and goes I'm a
Christian I may not be the best
Christian but I'm a Christian good
enough you know and you're like not the
best Christian you're a thrice-married
guy who owns gambling and a in a Miss
Universe pageant you're a biblical fit
that's like a biblical figure that would
be like a Roman king that everybody was
warned about like in terms of like I
mean I want him to shave his head what
do you think that will do I just freedom
I think would be funny if he shaved it
like somebody had a cancer issue when he
just shaved it with them did a good guy
well it doesn't look good that's what's
confusing to me like when I realized as
a style when my hair wasn't looking good
I mean if it was impossible to look good
it was falling out to the point where
like this is just a mess right then I
went and buzzed it but he remember you I
used to my generation always remembers
you like the bald virile oh yeah yeah
it's nice
I've been I've been like this for a long
time yeah
I'm solid eight plus years yeah bald how
do you want Trump to just go mmm
I think you'd be better off it'd be
easier like he's not good-looking like
he doesn't know that he would that would
complete his transformation into a super
villain I guess like a Lex Luthor type
towel yeah yeah yes like I just it's got
to be so much work to put that hair
together
I think someone does it from but even
then you go talk to them while they're
putting it together I bet you he doesn't
talk to them everything he does his
tweets angry I bet you he's not
concerned with the human relations with
his staff no I just get that vibe I get
that five I get that five the person
who's in charge of the hair just does
the hair I hope he retired when he
retires when he's done I hope he goes
right into podcasting would you have him
on right now yes yeah of course you have
to you have to yeah yeah yeah for sure
yeah yeah why not why wouldn't he come
on just three hours he's busy and I had
some jokes about him he's Petty he hates
comedy he does not like he doesn't like
to be made on earth I'm sure Michelle
wolf got him on Twitter a few times
Correspondents Dinner and he went after
her but she kept right back at him and I
bet you'd be on my side if I killed a
journalist yeah yeah Michelle's a kill
shot yeah
kill shot they're not gonna win yeah
she's she snuffed him out which is great
and she'll just forget it
he just dropped off the face of the
earth back out it was that she neutered
one tweet neuter yeah there's some
people that go after him though and it
doesn't work and he doesn't respond that
it looks so weird it's weird when I see
my aunt tweeting at him I'm like ha ha
ha what do you think this is gonna do my
aunt with 43 followers did she say
your disgusting representation of this
country she'll tweet this right and then
I have another aunt who's the other side
that'll be like I believe in you keep
going yeah and I just imagine him
scrolling through these messages and
reading this do you think he like looks
at me I think he only looks at verified
accounts I think he's like if you think
about how many people he follows on
Twitter I think he's wise he doesn't see
the mentions I'll tell you right now
his biggest fans are not verified I have
a blue check there under 100 followers
mm-hmm they have dog like to his biggest
fan not just people voted from the
people that are still like in love with
him yeah a lot of them have dog profile
pictures like a dog that recently died
there's a lot of dead dogs Facebook
flags no no water the banners no none of
them have ever served in the military
right but they all have the flag they
all have the flag no one's ever served
and 43 to 48 followers Magga under in
the profile hashtag mega hashtag magma
you know a lot of them aren't real do
you know that who would are they they're
Russian BOTS yeah yeah yeah it's real
yeah there's a guy in Russia who's got
that job it's not yeah it was Madison on
Long Island there's a lot of people that
have him they have various accounts they
use interested there's a woman named
Renee to rest at she's coming on the
podcast soon she did a study of this for
I forget what she did it for but she was
on Sam Harris's podcast where she went
in depth with it I'll send it to you
after work times please it's fucking
amazing but they did all kinds of crazy
shit like they would have like a
pro-muslim group and they would put on a
demonstration right across the street
from a pro Texas group and they would
organize both of them they were really
yeah they organs corn they would
organize african-americans against
Hillary Clinton anyone but Hillary we
got to vote for Jill Stein we got to
vote for anyway and they would like she
doesn't represent us this is all
Russians yeah and then they would have
other people that were like Pro Bernie
yeah and then Hillary fucked over Bernie
and these CIA will just foment cooze and
overthrow their leaders yeah you know
it's nice it will just kill their people
we don't fuck with their social mean I
think we fuck with their social not sure
we listen I'm sure we do I'm sure
there's like I wrote off a lot of that
Russian stuff is like people's wishful
thinking but the more and more I read
about it the more there is like a
coordinated attempt seemingly yeah to in
social media and so disco yeah yeah
there's a hundred percent a real thing
going on because this woman
documented it and she was also really
funny like she was talking about how
many of the memes that they created that
were really funny
oh they're hilarious yeah and they came
out of Russia so there's a bunch of guys
in the room in Moscow creating memes
yeah and it's so funny this is like they
two KGB training or whatever it is now
FSB and this is where they ended up I
think they're people this is the
frontier of the war against the United
States
the thing is though if they can do that
and get people really upset if they
really can do it that's a really
effective strategy it's a great strategy
you can make things happen now because
it's just sowing internal discord we're
gonna collapse our own system like I
wonder how many of these Jesse Smollet
is that his name Jesse small a is
Russian the whole thing is Russian whole
thing is Russian Jesse small a doesn't
exist I wonder how many of the memes
were created by Russians to try to get
people upset I bet this bunch I bet
there's more people stirring things up
than just amazed Americans that are
upset no I'm sure it's people that are
but then there's also just a lot of
Americans that hate each other does that
yeah yeah there's that then you also
what do you think happens with Jesse
small light is Empire cuz ABC got rid of
Roseanne for a tweet you gotta get rid
of this guy I thought he was getting
cancelled he was getting written out
rather I thought I read today but I
thought he was getting written out
before this is one of the reasons why he
did it well I support him if that's a
case cuz he's a very hard business this
is a very tough business
it is hard it's hard to make it I love
that they had to plan that out and he
said to the two guys goes listen get a
noose yeah go get rope and doing this a
lot of these hate crimes
first of all hate crimes happen and
they're horrible yeah but some of these
things are fake do you know he showed up
at the hotel with the new still around
his neck holding a Subway sandwich just
that alone the people the people at the
hotel should have been like what what
happened that's amazing okay what
happened why juice would and why are you
eating its subway are you not sick to
your stomach you're on Empire what the
hell is wrong with you wrong subway
subway it's not good it's not bad if
you're hungry
listen I've clearly eaten it yeah but it
ain't great but if it's like two o'clock
in the morning it's the only thing open
why is it 2:00 a.m. that's a great point
it's open cause it's a good move to be
open when nothing else is open it's a
good point get a nice Italian side with
double meat I like tub Diab oil and
vinegar so meatball with the mozzarella
whatever and then you don't toast it you
let the hot meatballs melt the cheese oh
I agree with that yeah that's my
meatball sub is always a good it's
always a good mark especially after
faking a hate crime after you faked a
hate crime a meatball how nervous you
after you do that Oh such a pussy I
could never go I could never do what he
did some level associate but then I saw
that actor I'd dinner with the other
night and I went oh he could do that
yeah oh these people can do it yeah cuz
they're on another level well the other
thing is that people say who would want
to be a victim who'd want to fake being
a victim I heard that during the
Cavanaugh hearing I was like that is a
ridiculous thing to say there's a lot of
currency in our business in our
businesses a lot of conflict - yeah in
the growth like people like crazed
victims for selling out and they support
them you get a tremendous amount of love
especially if you're a legit victim
something of course you know I mean
there's a lot to that yeah that the idea
that no one would do that is so this so
against it's so contrary to human nature
no everyone would do it I want to do it
just would you do what kind of hate
crime would you fake it's great idea I
don't know if I got punched and people
saw my face they go good you know what I
mean like nobody would look at my face
ago yeah okay good well I wrote I
tweeted something today I was like a
matte flapper Zhanna
yeah what was it up my the 26 of
flappers I was it was two guys was
Hollywood with megawhatts they beat me
up they poured something on me I don't
know what it was I think it was come
please come to farmers but I mean that's
the thing listen the eye watches Good
Morning America interview this morning
and I laughed I sentenced my buddy I ago
there's a moment in it when they go
how'd she know it was the attackers and
he goes like this he goes you could see
the insanity you can see in his eyes oh
I was like this he goes I was there and
he's just doing that shitty actory
shitty acting class ships that horse
shit I was there
and I'm like this is fucking crazy oh he
was gonna inform on two guys if there
were two white guys with Magga hats who
got caught they'd be in jail right now
because the detective said to him we
have two suspects on camera do you think
it's Sam he's like yeah then he found
out it's his two buddies and he's like
well I can't testify against them he was
gonna testify against two people who
they thought were guilty so he said that
he thought it was them
yeah he said yet there's a Good Morning
America interview of him going
yeah it's those two that takes it to
another level
yeah then Fox is like well we stand with
hey he's good on the show we stand
behind him that takes it to a completely
different there would be people in jail
right now he wouldn't care that you'll
magic it's crazy
could you imagine not just faking a hate
crime but then putting people in jail
magic being those two guys yeah we're
just sitting in jail like what the fuck
you're in the cover the New York Post
nabbed um God I'm got up and they're
sitting there like what the fuck and
everybody wants to kick their ass
they're an empire next season is all
about Jesse smaller they fire everyone
else on the show and it's just a Jesse
Smollett story and two innocent people
is the gay to park one raze the streets
of empire that's why people in Ohio
whenever Hollywood's like here's how to
vote they go you know what no exactly
they go you know what no thank you
I see what you're doing you fucks fake
and hate crimes what kind of hate crime
would you fake if you're gonna do it
it's a really lie to get ahead it's a
great question what if what if someone
gave you a license to fake a hate crime
like what if there's a television show
about faking a hate crime that's how
they do like Punk'd you know there are
fake things like that how about you fake
a hate crime I'd love to do something
like that truTV presents yes fake a hate
crime yeah yeah it's interesting I don't
I'm trying to thank conference whole
deal maybe a halal guy would attack me
in New York City like a halal guy would
attack me because he views me as a
symbol of imperialism and oppression
mm-hmm there'll be good you know even
though I could patronize his stand all
the time he still feels the need to
attack I mean I don't know I could never
do that
no I'm one of those people who would get
and and I would get caught well they
would never think I'd get away with it
wanting everyone to think you're a
victim when nothing really happened
insanely selfish thing yeah that's an
insane like faking physical crime I
can't have someone punch him already hit
himself
yeah these Marcus Magga hat-wearing
gangs and everyone's talking about in
Chicago in LA in New York do not exist
if you have a mag a hat on at 2:00 a.m.
in New York you're getting bleached
poured on you
yeah Pratt's the reality well also like
just he was saying that he like punched
him back and like he fought back and I
love how he was like first of all he was
on camera for everything except one
minute so they asked him a Good Morning
America they go how long was this he's
like it felt like several minutes but it
could have been 30 seconds like he's
covering the span of time in his in his
lie he's going I gotta say it's less
than a minute
cuz I'm only off-camera for a minute
whenever you hear about a guy who like
kills his wife and blames a black guy
yeah you know there's been a bunch of
those right I've been at times and then
you see the energy Samson for example
did he blame someone who do you know
somebody probably blamed him you think
I'm kidding
remember there was a recent one people
were saying that his son did it yeah
yeah my mother always believed that but
again Safford confute conspiracy theory
though right and that's where I don't
really get into yeah I don't want yeah
that's those are the ones that are out
there I don't really get into that I
don't get near the moon I don't go near
I'm not an oj truther are you uh a gulf
of tonkin guy or Operation Northwoods I
was a little true there's nothing
there's nothing those are all true
Operation Northwoods is my favorite was
crazy
yeah they stay talked about bombing a
ship yeah with people on it they were
gonna blow up a drone jetliner and blame
it on the Cubans yeah they're gonna
they're gonna attack Guantanamo Bay
armed Cuban friendlies and have them
attack Guantanamo Bay hazy yeah yeah
that was not that was not that long ago
I know that's why we need you back these
are too fucking it's too exhausting I
got exhausting cuz I would do a show and
then somebody would come up to me after
this show and they'd be like they'd show
me a pizza menu I swear to god they go
you see that and I go nine well what is
it they go that's the NAMBLA symbol and
I'm like I said I'm like it says garlic
knots and they're like you bet
[Music]
though they're lucky I really look at it
and I'm like alright I can't go the rest
of my life with that will they look for
it in everything everything's a
conspiracy and then when it comes back
to you and they say Oh Tim is involved
in this right and then you go oh I see
how this works
yeah just make shit up yeah and then
they believe it the CIA is now getting
involved in podcasting yes you guys
you're their first show but they're
gonna get a few others on the deeply
involved in stage starting sort of like
the Russian Troy I love the idea of the
CIA going and watching chat's and be
like who's getting passed at the store
oh oh you don't know I have a friend of
mine who thinks that the CIA started Jim
Morrison and Jimi Hendrix there's a book
about that called weird scenes inside
the canyon written by a guy named Dave
McGowan yes I'm going to tell you right
now Joe it's kind of interesting
interesting there was a lot of shit
going on in Laurel Canyon I'm sure
probably about pussy there was a lot of
weird shit going on the CIA the Rand
Corp was all over there there was a lot
of shit happening well I'm sure there
was a lot shit happening but there is
not a fucking intelligence agency in the
world that can create a Jimi Hendrix
course and they're not sitting there
that book was like that they were
managing the birds yeah the CIA was like
they were like no it's mr. Tambor real
is like a CIA guy gonna be like it's
Tambourine Man yeah imagine being in
that time in the country when everything
was just falling apart left and right
around us the Vietnam War Kent State
just fucking Nixon's the president
that's just chaos left and right no
internet yeah everyone's doing drugs it
must have been wild it must have been
amazing yeah I mean I always think about
that Hunter s Thompson quote about uh
you know like we talked about the 60s
and that in the 70s was almost like the
wave crested and then just get scratched
from Fear and Loathing in Las yeah yeah
but I'm a big like I'm a Kennedy guy I
think there's something really shady
with that yeah for sure for sure for
sure and in that book there's some
amazing stuff about this book that you
gave me as family a family
chris is a guy russ Baker who's a legit
journalist it's been praised by like dan
Rather and boy Eggman trying to get you
in this let me tell you right now this
will get you in they get you went I
don't have that kind of time George H
did you know that George HW Bush called
the FBI and said that he thought he knew
who the killer of JFK was did you know
that no no no they called the FBI they
in Houston
hey I said what's up it's George George
Bush I'm in Tyler Texas and I think I
know who the killer is and he informs on
this guy James Parrott and James Parrott
ended up being like one of his staffers
it was this weird cover story he kind of
planted and that came out in a memo and
there was another memo these are
declassified FBI memos Freedom of
Information Act there was another memo
that said after the assassination Chad
drew Hoover briefed George Bush of the
CIA the problem was George Bush should
not have been working for the CIA at
that point he should have been just a
private citizen so it suggested he was
working for the agency for a very long
time mm-hmm and he was made the the
director of the agency for one year
after the family jewels came out which
was this whole thing with the CIA went
to Congress and they admitted that they
had done all these things from you know
coos and fomenting revolutions and
countries and they made him the director
for one year after that happened to
break to make a clean break from all of
the nefarious activities that the agency
had been involved with but if you take
that memo to mean that he had had an
existing relationship with them he was
actually just becoming the because no it
made no sense to anyone they were like
why is this guy that everyone called the
lightweight becoming the head of the CIA
after the CIA just admitted to all these
horrible things they called him a
lightweight yeah they called yeah he was
like I think Kissinger in said to Nixon
that kid shirts at the Nixon like he's
lightweight he made him ambassador to
China he was never a guy that had
serious political capital and he was
made the head of the CIA and then after
that memo was on earth people were
saying oh he had this was an extension
of the cover-up he was being made the
director at this very interesting time
in history because he actually had
worked with the agency forever and he
was not at all a lightweight he was a
serious operator and he was going in
there to kind of clean up and transition
them into a new era it's a I'm telling
you I'm already out you're a nun yeah
are you
I can't listen to that it's good it's
great though I need current shit I need
something like Julian Assange
I need something right I need some
Edwards you know wishes are done alright
you don't do the bush anymore enough
I'll get an Assange book get in there oh
listen to Clinton if you read up if you
all dabble in the Clinton if you read a
chapter of this yeah if you read a
chapter yes I give me a cookie I don't
have a cookie and if I do I'm taking but
you will be you'll be it's very
interesting and it's a well-written book
as it's not reckless and sloppy
I'll read the first chapter I promise
thank you I will yeah listen nobody
might gave me David Lifton's best
evidence okay on the Kennedy
assassination okay and that got me into
conspiracy theorists it's like 92 and I
get a sure you're at the end of the road
now were you like this is a lot of
people are full of shit in that world a
lot of them and that's what people don't
realize well then it gets deeper and
deeper and deeper and more and more
preposterous have you ever googled
hashtag spaces fake no but that's sad
it sounds amazing there is a thriving
space is fake community have you ever
been in space no good point could be
faked come back come back to us Jeff
prove it no what is big back oh it's an
extension of Flat Earth it's like for
people to think the flatter but in the
conservative they go they go deeper it's
like it's not stupid
those Flat Earth cocks they want to move
into space spaces think yeah you want to
know what's really up space is phase
space is fake yeah crazy but I mean I
think there are hundreds of thousands of
people that think that the earth is flat
hundreds of thousands educated Western
American human beings that think the
earth is flat that is what it is fucking
crazy it's interesting it's a lot of
people that just get educated from
YouTube the Guardian actually had an
article about it I sent it to Eddie and
you know Eddie's laughed at me see I
think Eddie's kind of rational in a lot
of ways because I meant his first he
talks with him about what about well ya
know the one that we had
wasn't saying a little who's got
something so firm it was attacking
Malibu well he's the one that hit me
trips me and Sam we're talking about
they were using direct energy weapons
and I was like I don't know if this
attack Malibu with what I was like why
would they attack mallet both over the
fire but I'm like they're RIT why would
they attack Malibu to rich people a fire
started near my fucking house did when I
started mal but they flew through the
air you know I was one of the first
evacuated right these fucking theories
are so stupid it's dry as shit yeah a
fire hits and the winds are going kreyòl
did they make the wind they made the
well she always made the windows always
been the CIA they've always made the
wind yeah it's fucking it's just and
there's no rest there's no peace I know
there's no living in the moment it's a
certain point you go I just don't even
want to know this is horrible things
going on these horrible things going on
okay what do you think is like the worst
shit going on right now human
trafficking is very yes horrible
horrible and the million dollar industry
that's not Subway sandwich artists are
paying for that right rich people some
of them are involved in some very bad
things yes and they're it's their
tractor B they're covering your own
tracks yeah like that Jeffrey Epstein
yellow that's tough dude the Clinton
visit anyone with an island and hanging
out with Bill Clinton yeah if you have
an island in you're hanging out with
Bill Clinton there's a problem where's
the montage yeah yeah it's crazy all of
that stuff is very disturbing he got a
sweetheart deal because he wouldn't
inform on anyone that was on his plane
and now they'll adjust this departments
lemon in that again it'll probably be
fine
they'll probably just let him you know
with a guy like that like what you know
how much does he know how does it know
that stay alive because he's not gonna
say anything it's not gonna talk I
wouldn't trust him if I was on that
plane I think that's the other thing
about see the aversion of conspiracies
as you go like nobody would people would
talk reality as people wouldn't talk if
you were from a prominent family if it
had been like a religion to stay silent
if you had had CIA training if you would
these people don't talk and we know that
there have been
lots that have gone unknown for a very
long time close to in Iran sure so a guy
like Jeffrey Epstein is so involved so
deep he knows he'll get killed he won't
say anything
yeah he's not gonna say anything plus he
doesn't wanna go to jail you just want
to go to jail he doesn't want to say
anything made all the things that he did
yeah so weird that the child thing is
the creepiest of all it's gross and
unfortunately it's it's a it's a real
thing yeah so what you know people you
could talk about there's the
conspiratorial eye angles the bullshit
but then there's the real family
Sandusky Sandusky man like Church 100%
that's how the proper the people they're
in love with conspiracies never care
about private prisons right or the
Catholic Church and like guys this is
not even debatable right we're not even
debating right private prisons are kids
were being sold into slavery Bryan Abajo
the judge in Pennsylvania crazy taking
underage kids and just giving them
sentences ridiculous sentences for shit
that's crazy
exchange for money that's not right and
now he's in jail yeah it's there's some
darkness in the world it's undeniable
and when something like Sandusky when
that Penn State thing comes out and
you're like wait a minute how long was
this going on for yeah how many
everybody knew everyone knew how does
everyone know yeah amazing turn oh just
he died quick but this is what I'm of
course this means emotions destroyed
this is what I mean about people worse
like YouTube's gonna like sense a
conspiracy theory type stuff I'm like
all of those things would have been
called conspiracy theories at one point
yes Catholic Church right and dusky yeah
boo Ghraib they said it was a few apples
it was a labyrinth of torture prisons it
was a program designed by the Pentagon
yeah it's crazy what is the YouTube
gonna do they're gonna censor the
Wreckers ending I think they stopped
recommending conspiracy videos from what
I've heard but I was reading that thing
you were telling me about Jamie this
whole like porn or child porn or
pedophile Network you're setting what is
this a pedophile YouTube what's going to
a communication network they were
communicating with each other in YouTube
comments they responded yesterday and
they said that they disabled comments on
tens of millions of videos and deleted a
lot of accounts
that were they were communicating in the
comment section of like a little kids
cheerleading and whatnot now were they
communicating to try to to share child
porn or were they communicating to
molest I don't know in the way
pedophiles communicate in their network
but I'd like you to do a little bit more
due diligence and let's get moving we
got a figure shit out yeah you gotta get
a VPN are there that's like the FBI will
take over child points out on tour and
then run it for a year look on the dark
wait what what is that what what's going
on imagine what they see that's a
problem it is a problem that you're
causing to happen to that our Kelly case
there's a video of him doing something
with an underage girl and like I think
some people at CNN's like we've seen it
but it and that's led to him going in
Psych well what did you watch and is
that legal probably as legal because
you're watching another the guise of
joining out of it yeah
ruff yeah that kind of shit is real and
the fact that there's these networks of
people that are trying to you know
cultivate these experiences it's crazy
mad but if you're a rich person you have
that sick predilection you're gonna find
a way to breathing at what they're doing
like a for example okay they post
remarks that praise the girls asked
whether they were wearing underwear or
simply carried a string of sexually
suggestive emojis about two years ago
hundreds of companies pulled money from
YouTube over concerns about ads showing
up next to problematic content from
terror or hate groups and videos is seem
to endanger exploit children I think you
know we've talked about this before with
YouTube with the issues that we've had
with them they they have way too much
content and way too few people there's
no way they can watch all of it and one
shit like this or people are doing
things in the comments it's almost
impossible to check yeah I mean it's
just because their YouTube comments are
one of the rare free-range sort of like
unchecked message boards in the world
I'll find out later don't read it bro
who's this fat fuck don't he's not even
a blackberry yeah why is he here who is
that don't read it yeah yeah yeah umm I
wonder if there's ever gonna be a time
where that is impossible
we're like these child pedophile rings
yeah they can figure out a way to snuff
all that out
I'm harder now than ever before I'm
imagine it's very tough and it's tough I
think because so few people want to
believe that it's a problem in the way
that it is right because there's good
people in the world that don't think
these things are issues right so I think
there's the political will isn't there
because people don't aren't really they
don't understand that it's you know and
then the people that are doing these
things are very wealthy powerful people
and they have a lot of control and they
can kind of cover their tracks if
they're all wealthy poor pedophile
you're not going to a ring what are you
doing you snatching some kid oh I know
it's bad but if you're rich pedophile
it's a nicer experience it's like you go
on vacation versus me going on vacation
you go on vacation it's a nice
experience I go on vacation you know
it's fine sandals Obama's not even know
she knows where you going the cabin or
something the forest
yeah what's crazy about all this when
you're talking about like child
molesters and stuff like that which
crazy is the Catholic Church yeah he's
still around and still they're catching
people left and right when it's known
for it there's no more no nothing's more
synonymous with child molesting then the
cancer that is the number one thing hey
you were raised Catholic I was raised
Catholic I was never molested I was
raised Catholic got lucky huh I was
lucky but my was fake I'm laughs cat
we're all fit dis good Affleck is fake
it's it's stuffed shells it's a nice
dinner it's five fishes once a year it's
but no one cares no one in the Catholic
Church cares right if you turn around
the guy next you go is this bullshit
they'll go shut up a bit about it yeah I
don't understand suicide bombers because
I was raised Catholic right and no one
is in the Catholic Church believes in it
that much no we like nice buildings
Catholic suicide bombers
you go first yeah over here ready set go
are you still here
yeah it's our boss nice architecture
it's beautiful
it's great it's nice it's fun I don't
know what's going on in them there's
incense going around this is the mystery
of faith oh good I was talking with BER
about this recently about church has
some good qualities and one of the
things it has is it makes you feel like
you know it's like a community thing you
sit down and you get a chance to assess
yourself in your life and sort of
reaffirm your moral guidance and your
moral compass and there's some there's
some there's some positive things to a
good church and that's how those rock
and roll culty super Hollywood churches
get started because people say I want a
church I just don't want a traditional
church I want something spiritual and
funds and healing it's not like the
church where I grew up I said to my dad
why do we go here every Sunday anyone
shut up that was the answer because it
was like we just go you don't know what
we do don't want your mom to get mad but
people in Hollywood and people that they
you know what the hipper they want to be
drawn to it they want it to speak to
them yeah they play rock and roll music
that's cool yeah religions cool my soul
is you know and it's you know it's just
a lot of horseshit that's fine it makes
him feel good yeah my buddy's a
assistant a buddy of mine who's his
assistant was going when I was Church
she was a nymphomaniac yeah she's trying
to stop fucking everybody
so she start going what church is that
the stop fucking about Church it's like
just start fucking get spiritual she's
like I'm gonna be celibate Mike yeah
whatever
yeah she was one of those gals you just
have a couple of pops and then off to
the races
listen you live right yeah you live once
she was obvious she was attractive she's
having a good time yeah I don't see the
problem what church did she go to us one
of them Creek I don't know is this
decades ago but it's one of them crazy
rock and roll type churches that's so
funny you know the Catholic I I think
it's interesting people that join the
Catholic religion now oh that's
ridiculous who's joining it now yeah
who's going in and going you know what I
enjoy it I don't know who did it you
know Glenn Beck join the Mormons as a
grown man well that makes sense for T's
that makes sense
yeah he's a little off maybe one in nine
wives yeah it's probably why it's of
course it's a it's a huge benefit do you
know the the whole Mitt Romney story
yeah
you don't know I don't know so I have to
tell my cousin married a Mormon who they
they excommunicated from the church when
he was like 17 Mitt Romney's family all
moved to Mexico
that's why Mitt Romney's dad could never
be president because Mitt Romney's dad
was born in Mexico because when they
passed the law making polygamy illegal
in the United States they all packed up
their shit and went to Mexico really yes
because in the 1800s it didn't fucking
matter if you were in Mexico or the
United States it was all the same you're
riding a horse who's that fuck they like
that could have nine wives over here so
they have these compounds vice did a
whole series Wow they have compounds
down there with farm workers yeah
because the cartel was fucking
kidnapping them and shit interesting so
Mitt Romney's dad was like you can't
take not yes fuck it look they still
have a fucking they still have a
compound down there this in the
Smithsonian magazine photos on the
Smithsonian calm Oh has a story on it
yeah yeah brought the Romney's Mexican
history yeah the whole family comes from
Mexican amazing amazing that's amazing
it's amazing they diverse I know they
went down there because they couldn't do
what they wanted to do in the United
States there was no polygamy in the US
anymore any no legal interest lishus
hilarious yeah let happen because here's
the thing you could have like nine
girlfriends sure and all live together
and no one could say shit but write it
down lock you up and put you in jail
there was a show called like sister
wives or something it was about people
that I think they were living in the
states and then like multiple wives was
it yeah it's probably bullshit okay I
don't think polygamy google it maybe
it's like legal in like Nebraska or some
shit sorry Nebraska I like that the
braska would be just a place to go you
know what let live and let live and let
live Rask is like we're having a hard
time keeping people here so you just
walk in like anyone you want marry your
dog marry everything it's polygamy
nationwide federally illegal
yes it is illegal but I know what you're
talking about where there are as TV
shows or people are still doing it so
mmm also have you successfully
infiltrated a pedophile YouTube group
yet lazy waiting for the three so lazy
but it is crazy that his family is like
well fuck it we'll just move to Mexico
and so she made a great point it's the
same thing you're on a horse back then
mr. Rio Grande
because I think when they made it
illegal in the 1800s look at us as a
polygamous community crumbles sister
wives are forced from homes this is the
caliber of wife this is interesting it's
all you get bro if you want a nine of
them you don't get nine good one you get
one ten or nine ones this is a lot of
you know this is you don't think of nine
shitty wives no you don't think of nine
horrible wives but the thing is you
could have those wives you just can't
have them legally like you they can't be
legally your wife but you could do like
a whole like roots and jump over the
broom you know you could you could make
your own ceremony of course you just
can't register in the courthouse yeah
which is hilarious to me yeah like who
the fuck are you to tell someone they
can't how about a woman that has five
husbands can we do that yeah you go girl
yeah power power for girl I'm for it I'm
for polygamy me too I want to come out
on this show five bucks and one woman
yeah who cares I'll sit around stroking
their half our dicks waiting their turn
crying perfect that is a perfect
representation of 2019 America who would
vote that out yes they know sick people
someone was a communist we need more
people getting the YouTube pedophile
cult out yes and putting the polygamists
in yeah I need priorities I feel like if
you want to marry a guy with eighteen of
your friends who gives a shit yeah I
guess the problem is the divorce yeah
isn't that the ischial money for you
sorry
right I'm splitting up eighteen ways
you're not gonna get a lot right anyone
with 18 of anything unless you're like a
sultan you probably don't have a ton
anyway unless you're Jeff Bezos yeah
Basel well that was a yeah he could he
could marry a hundred chicks and give
them all a billion that's how yes he'll
have 50 left over what yeah he's doing
good
he's doing good but that whole thing
with him that was an interesting thing
the the pictures being leaked and it
turns out the brother that leaked the
pictures I love the brother immediately
as soon as I read the article cuz I'm
like this is Trump Tower
not only do Trump supporter this is a
guy who tried to leverage himself
forever yeah and he found out his sister
was fucking Jeff Bezos can you imagine
the night he found that out the night he
found that out where was he what was he
doing he was somewhere thinking this is
it yeah she's fucked a lot of people
that are good now
she's fucking paisa now some cash in now
it's time to think of something good how
do we do it this is a plotting guy yeah
I wonder what The Enquirer gave him how
much money you get for something like
that half a mil Bezos dick Oh Lauren I
want a solid mil solid mil you think the
rest kind of wife he's gonna kill you
you think he will if he doesn't I'll be
disappointed it's a good point make it
look like an accident if you're a
fucking you know what he's he's like
Daddy Warbucks yeah he's a guy he's the
guy he's kind of he's automated
automated everything and Amazon's
morosely like he's an alien he looks
like he's artificial intelligence he's
AI yeah he has that look already he's
super smart and yeah play it real slow
yeah he'll enslave the world and you
know what let him he's probably gonna
hire somebody to fuck up that guy's life
slowly I'm sure he already has yeah real
slow oh yeah this is your new job yeah
your new job is to slowly make that
guy's law - yes everything everything
flat tires every day yeah yeah yeah yeah
I love the henchmen that's going at
nearly flat tires yeah set up he's gonna
check for cameras that's amazing yeah
that made the bezos's those are the new
type like because I studied a lot about
like Rockefeller Carnegie guys like that
yes and those guys nobody's amassed a
fortune of those guys had Rockefeller
had like 300 36 billion in today's
dollars good lord
yeah Carnegie had 372 Billy I mean these
were the first how much do they have in
their time positions in their time I
don't know but in in it was millions
well I don't think those billions but in
our time it's about it's the over 300
million both of them these were the
first generation of BB this was the
first generation of Robert bat-like the
first generation of entrepreneurs you
know the country was new all these
industries were just emerging and these
guys took it over
Bezos Tech is and somebody said this on
my podcast recently Tech is the closest
thing we have now to that yeah where you
have these you know masters of the
universe that are going to be I mean
those guys were big a P Morgan was like
bailing the government out yeah these
guys had an insane amount of power they
know three or four years to figure yeah
I was just when I told you I was doing
this era to the gods
today with a bunch of very influential
people and one of them said it's really
ironic that Apple used to be think
different right yeah that was the whole
thing about Silicon Valley think
different now it's don't think different
right now its streamline everybody into
one acceptable thing yeah now is
literally you have to think the way
everyone else is thinking we have to
believe what everyone else believes even
if it's ridiculous I think a lot of that
is they want to just make money and sell
things and they don't want any discord
they just want to sell make money sort
of but it's this is I don't think
because they don't ban people after they
do the things they banned them after
there's a public outcry so to me they're
not they don't have any real values
their values are tangible and the values
are influenced by public opinion and and
where media is the values aren't like
when somebody says something let's ban
them right now this goes against our
thing a lot of it is if you wait until
there's enough dust kicked up then they
will ban somebody right that's true so
to me I get in arguments with friends
when they're like their ideological I'm
like they have an ideological bent
certainly but they're profit-seeking
enterprises that just want everyone to
be happy I think it was up to Twitter
every tweet would be some type of
branded ad and on top of that now the
ideology is skewing and leaning in that
direction in terms of like tech and sure
there's money in that there's money in
holding that line and those guys are the
ones that are as powerful as Rockefeller
and Carnegie and JP it like all of those
guys they are the next you know
generation of people who will their
amount of power is unmatched anywhere in
society they're they're getting they're
branching out more and more like Amazon
is now gonna have an electric car
they're investing in that new what's it
called raiven riving in some new
electric car company that's that uh
Bezos is investing in they're investing
in space travel they're investing and
all these different I mean he's not
gonna get poor no more and more rich no
he's gonna take over everything I mean
these look we haven't you can opt out
you can opt out of these systems you
have to be involved to live a normal
life you have to be online do you see
these about that
now someone tried to use to go online
live their life without Google Amazon
good luck a few other things and Apple
and they said they couldn't do it now
Ari Shaffir is the only one who can do
it with a flip phone he's barely doing
it he's on to the iPad using his four
high messages he iMessages me all the
time yeah pretend ease but I think I
give him that I'm impressed that he
still has a flip phone well he he knows
that he's an addict yeah you know he
knows and yes he's an honest man right
you know and he's like fuck this this is
just too much of my life he's right he'd
be jacked in social media constantly and
and also if you were you know you're
controversial like he is a lot of people
are talking shit to him and that would
hurt his feelings I'm saying mean things
to him and social media has gotten to
the point where I'm on it all day and
I'm like I'm not having any fun no it's
really gotten to the point where what is
this experience Facebook is a nightmare
it's elderly people screaming at each
other this was a website where kids were
trying to get laid in college
this is elderly people screaming and
complaining they can't afford any
operations I'm just calling like this
all day yeah it's it's not you don't get
a lot of bang for your buck I've dropped
off radically over the last six months
the last six months have made a giant
giant shift away from reading things and
posting things and just I like look at
it alike for a couple seconds and then
I'll put it down
okay healthy post yeah yeah yeah yeah
I'm more engaged I'm too fucking busy
you know and so when I'm trying to
figure out ways to better optimize my
time that was one of the first one stop
reading comma and stop reading posts
don't just it just mindlessly shift
through Instagram pictures looking for
something that strikes me as interesting
I just stopped doing that and then it
made a big difference in my productivity
yeah huge difference yeah cuz you know
when the when I phone real recently they
started putting that thing on your phone
we see how much screen time you had oh
yeah that's crazy you look at you like
what five hours I now it's 46 minutes
just five hours of nothing yeah what did
I do I get a little out of it right I'll
go find news stories that I'll talk
about but it's like finding I found that
like finding the perfect blend seems to
be letting the stories get so big that
they get to you anyway right no right
not the fringe
Dory's do like the Jesse small age it
gets so big you can't ignore about it
yeah and then you hear and I love the
day that the day when we all found that
it was social media was great the day
that we all found out he was full of
shit
yeah cuz they never could make jokes
right but the three days before that
everyone is posturing oh right
but then when it came out that it was
all bullshit it was like oh let's just
have fun yeah and even though it's you
know I'm not saying that people aren't
getting attacked and things aren't bad
but this particular thing right if you
can't make a joke about this what can
you make a joke about if you can't make
it just about if you write someone
shouldn't joke about this fuck you fuck
you fuck you absolutely absolutely yeah
yeah this is one of those things so he
means fuckin shame holding the subway
with the fucking news he pled not guilty
in court no he did yes he did
no Jamie he pled not guilty on
everything right he denied all charges
he denied all charges he's gonna take
his own life I believe they have the
check he wrote to them here on check
their 500 a check now here's the other
thing I could get punched in five
minutes for free I could get beat up so
easily why is this guy spending thirty
five hundred dollars well not only that
why do you write a check do you have no
friends
they just he didn't think this through
even a little bit yeah god dammit it's
disappointing it's kind of funny though
it's there's nothing funnier right now
well I think this is what we need you
know we need to understand the outrage
machine a little bit better yeah and one
of the best ways to see to see
manufactured outrage absolutely there
you go okay this is a hustle well the
Covington thing was great because people
like wishing death on fifteen-year-old
kids it's like the video comes out
exonerates and then people are like no
yeah people were doubling down yeah
people like you can't deny with my eyes
so I'm like are you nuts and then I was
afraid because I'm like tweeting things
at support of the kids but I'm like what
if the next video is just the kids in
Klan outfits like this and just dancing
around with with torches like
Charlotte's film and I'm like well then
now I look like an idiot
yeah you can't you don't know what to
tell them you're better off being an
observer yeah just let people get into
the fray you just may
little joke yes it back yeah it's like a
gang fight you better up stand stand
back and go home I want to jump in this
every every day every hour another
vantage point of that thing was like
well no maybe they are guilty yeah you
know I saw that thing it was like a why
kid I thought they encircle the Native
American guy who was banging a drum and
I'm like fuck these kids exactly that's
not good well you see the first image
and you know the first image which is
even crazier was put up by a troll
account riot Russians I don't know all
the problems Russia I think that came
out of Brazil oh yeah yes a few shady
social media posts fed a viral firestorm
over Covington Catholic ocean why yeah
these cut they're doing this on purpose
they took that screenshot to try to get
people angry and it worked and then they
Twitter found out that it was a bullshit
account they ban the account so it's
very possible that account was some
troll phone oh no it's a troll farm Wow
yeah so that's what makes it work we're
being manipulated now on a level that
it's like unbelievable unbelievable
unbelievable fours dude I hate to cut
this short I gotta get the fuck out of
here let's do it
tell everybody how to get ahold of you
Dylan on Instagram and Twitter di llo
and Timothy Tim Dylan comedy calm we're
doing a gig right we're doing a gig
tomorrow
that's right tomorrow probably The
Improv 50 if she attacks me on the way
what see he's gonna show up with a noose
of the subways I hope I get in blackface
Tim Dylan ladies and gentlemen
[Music]